Nothing stopping the nphet disciples from following their dogma in private. No one is forcing you and your fellow cult members to not lockdown and follow your Leaders
After making it through our tough lockdown in Melbourne, I'll be missing my son at Xmas, police officer deployed up to the border checkpoints until Sunday. Wish you guys in Sydney wore masks😷
Seriously, another variant of the SARS Cov-2 perhaps a mutated SARS Cov-3 virus would be inimical to world growth only heaven knows if the vaccine would be effective for the new variant whichsoever is a doubt, I only pray another phase of global lockdown doesn't looms
How about reply to creators that need your help to access their accounts with you
No, our country is in lockdown for -+1000 deaths and lockdown doesn’t fit in the conditions of christmas. We can’t even stay with each other at my home  to celebrate christmas because then we spread the corona shit. Hope you have a merry christmas Mongraal..
Just trying to learn how to knit and find a way to marry  during this lockdown... hbu?! #lockdowndiaries
This year I will be spending my birthday in lockdown, so if you want to get me a present, give me the gift of wearing a goddamn mask! 😷
If 3M quality breathable masks was handed out by the government when there was only 1,000 cases instead of a economy destroying lockdown. It wouldn’t have never come to this.  We should have treated this as a biological national attack.
Finally have a reasom to go out tomorrow even though we are in lockdown. Finally getting Zelda breath of the wild
they're going to continue contributing to your re-election campaign so long as you keep the lockdown in effect long enough to kill off a certain percentage of small business so big box everything can take over all commerce? It's something along those lines.
I'm going to announce now there's a little less than, 18 months before we can vote  out of office.  Unlike Dougie setting a date for the lockdown, we legally can't vote him out any sooner. 
1. You are mentioning “current” restrictions (& inaccurately at that given the harsh nature of California’s lockdowns in some regions). Florida has never locked down.   2. Florida’s death rate is comparable to every state that has or is in lockdown. Nations, too
70,000 people have died , because johnson was slow to lockdown in February and dithered against sage advice in September . It’s happening again now ....
At a time like this, no one needs to be traveling anywhere crazy! Cause see now lockdown everywhere !
i binged it 3 times during lockdown😭thinking about watching it again tbh  i’ve been watching it since the first episode aired too, i was like 10 years old pahaha
Get their names and make sure they don’t get medical care if they get #COVID “Armed Anti-Lockdown Protesters Just Tried to Storm Oregon's State Capitol” #COVIDIOTS #ArmedIdiots  
Grogu called din and asked for a pick up from school because their was a big fight and a lockdown.
So peel Toronto and York are they done lockdown tomorrow until dec 26?
Commander: fire 🔥 👉 Me as a soldier : Oga na machine gun him hold oh, my hand no dey oh! #lockdown  
Is the UK now becoming #OnePartyState as both  and  secretly have the same agenda to punish the people as BOTH are pushing #Lockdown's and putting the public on the dystopian government as Royals only Ceremonial in truth or can they remove parliament? 
Lockdown in England is like that friend that keeps getting back with their toxic ex, a embarrassment 😅😂 #lockdown
It'll fucking happen mate. Vaccines all around in the new year. A few months in lockdown to get the numbers down. A few more in level 3 to be safe. Then maybe, just fucking maybe, coffee.
oh, so now you gonna pick what places are appropriate to protest? could you please forward the BLM approved protest locations?  cool story bruh
For those of you in Queens bitchin' that we're likely headed to a lockdown ...   Please direct your ire towards these selfish, breathtakingly stupid people!  #COVIDIOTS  #COVID19  #GOPvirus
Such irresponsible journalism, they were all it again today, practically begging for a national lockdown, it beggars belief. 
Take away the labels and just say they are American Citizens that want their communities opened back up. I certainly am sick of the lockdown and I’m not a proud boy or a BLM. I just want businesses open and students in class
Eoin I'm not in the population of "non frontline public sector workers"...does that make me  more likely to fall into the bracket of being pro extreme lockdown, given I work from home in the private sector than you?
#StayConnected  "Who is making the quiz this week?"  Quizzes become the main source of entertainment through lockdown, with many people making and participating a variety of different daily quizzes. There's one thing for sure, our IQ has improved! 
Why do you think they don’t lockdown???? It’s because Trump downplays the virus and they all kiss his butt. Trump had the ability to put in place a lockdown and have governors in force it. He didn’t, and people died.
It was a draconian lockdown that would not work here. They still give the BCG (TB) vaccine routinely to infants and there are studies saying this works for covid as well. Same for South Korea and East Asia.
Armed Anti-Lockdown Protesters Just Tried to Storm Oregon's State Capitol - VICE 
are the biggest hypocrites in the country. Claiming to be fighting for people of Ireland when they voted for lockdown along with their partners in crime  and  Resulting in poverty, depression, unemployment, wrecking of small businesses.
26000 EXTRA deaths at home.   So the lockdiwn has caused people to die at home...rather than seek help.  So whichever way you want to categorise them that is an effect of a lockdown,  that didn’t save people but did cause misery.
So, the #smithsonian is admittedly an important national entity...but cereally?! $1B ILLION freakin' dollars for THEM while Joe Lockdown get's a lousy 6 pack of Benjamins... WTF #VETO  
Ten months of lockdown meant nothing.  should fuck off with the gaslighting and threats. He's a Tory, the last ten months are all his. If he thinks I'll  obey HIS Gov then he's a very shallow youth.
Same as me, Tier 4 lockdown Birthday tomorrow 😱😱 think I’ll fill the day playing games and eating a full tin of quality streets. Happy Birthday to you, me and Noel Edmunds.
I miss my pre lockdown body but at least I’ve gained inches where it really matters.... • • • •  (My TV) 
no, it doesn't make me feel any better reading hypocrites
Another lockdown fuck this shit man I honestly don’t know how much more I can take
Interesting. 2 thoughts- 1. Thank you- that answers my question I think! Very useful 😊 2. If it’s increasing exponentially during maximum restrictions, then what are we doing? The writing is on the wall surely? This makes widespread lockdown less tenable...
Exactly🤪🤪🤪, so why the rush to get a vaccine that won't protect you against the mutation.  Lockdown for a virus you can't get rid of??🤔🤔  Thats why we have the best medical system in the world, our immune system.
The ABC underreported the police heavy handedness and the fallout from lockdown. SBS I have to say was much fairer and comprehensive
Dear  Stop whining about the lockdown!!  Suck it up and just do what PH asks for 28 days.  We are the solution so buck up and get it done!!
The whole world really putting the UK in a lockdown lmaao
I’ve seen lots of lockdown hair looking good, longer and more natural 😜
Oh look 👀   More money to the Kennedy Center.   During the Covid pandemic LOCKDOWN $26,400,000 goes to the John F Kennedy Center for Performing Arts.   WHAT is REALLY going on over there? 🤔
Just uploaded "DJ Acer - Golden Era Lockdown 2.0 - Part 7 (Jungle Bells Xmas mix)" to   Tune in now!
It’s beginning to look ,like lockdown. Alas for the” it’ll be grand for publicans,restaurants “ brigade. It’s heartbreaking for everybody  as we can only look  a vaccines Happy New Year. 
#Ivermectin ends this criminal lockdown. You should probably listen to real doctors not beholden to drug companies pushing questionable experiments on citizens. Shameful. #CrimesAgainstHumanity #Nuremberg2 #CovidTrials    
Lockdowns should be extended through 2021 to save lives from the flu & speed limits reduced to 20k - every death must be avoided at all costs. This is the absurd end outcome of the lockdown strategy. It is intellectual & moral lunacy. 
Everyone returning to Cremorne after lockdown has been visually assaulted by the new Seek building. 
There’s a few anti-lockdown songs out now trying to capture the same spirit and verve of anti-war songs, but having listened to them I think one thing they’ve failed to carry over is not being shit.
jesus their banter has not aged a day since 2018. talking about minions and shit
It's all for show. Classic good cop bad cop. NPHET come in with their crazy lockdown recommendations and gov't come in to save the day with more reasonable measures.
Anyone else a bit scared now? What is actually going on!! Wd have a teir system to avoid more lockdowns but here we are again in lockdown..and he has foresight to when it ends..or actually begins!!WTF IS GOING ON!! 
#lockdown A new strain of the COVID Virus is found in the U.K. Yet anyone from the U.K. can travel to the U SA. But, USA residents can’t travel to the U.K.
We binge watched GOT at the start of the last lockdown and watched the lot in just over 3weeks. First time we had seen it absolutely brilliant. Probably need to watch it again to piece some of it together
I find it quite interesting to see that the lockdown begins on the 26th, yet Muslims were told not to visit each other on Eid, no Diwali for Hindus, no Vaisakhi for Sikhs.....
Wow they really are amping up the crazy to the nth degree now.  It so blatant now - surely they are overplaying there hand. This stinks of desperation.
The whole world is on lockdown this season! 
What's with this getting powers talk on Twitter? The Lockdown drove everyone batty 
A great year for Politicians, Bankers, Vultures and dodgy state backed rogue builders!!  For the normal Joe soap, next year may never arrive thanks to your "lockdown"
How bout all the lockdown activists forgo the $600 stimulus, and pay it forward to someone who’s lives they destroyed? Non-essential teachers should start by giving it to the Total Wine employee on their next visit.
took quarantine and second lockdown for someone to resort to using our seventh grade shit pls these people are having a conversatio n 
you came back and didn’t quarantine now you’re complaining that there’s a new lockdown? stfu rn
I've been trying to move out since the pandemic started, and my state had huge wildfires before we went into lockdown 2, i just want to be a little more financially stable
Same. I'm Canadian and see where our country is headed. We have a 28 day province wide lockdown after Christmas.
Mayor back stabbed Ford last time so Ford returned the favor. Mayor is to blame for this but I am happy we are in lockdown.
One could easily conclude the real reason for the lockdown is not the one specified, without being overly suspicious.
It could be irresponsible of the Government not to act even sooner than that. Lockdown will happen, it's just a case of when
The thought of another lockdown makes me cry every time
Looks like Victoria about to go lockdown hey  . I'm sure  would love another lockdown.  Merry Christmas from us in NSW. #Sarcasm 😢  Victoria records positive coronavirus case from traveller who visited Sydney's northern beaches 
It's no biggie. As you see on the graph, we want into lockdown around week thirteen and new cases almost immediately started to drop offohmygod.
Twitter has me on lockdown. It won’t even let me like your comment. And I can only friend request one friend a day. For the next three days
You mean 6+ more months of brutal economic and social ruin on the gamble that it might or might not work? You're happy with the deaths both direct and indirect the lockdown will cause?
idk what the fuck to believe anymore@ what i’m starting to believe is this entire lockdown/quarantine is a hoax  the rich n powerful literally have been preparing for this since last year
It probably will be the case, I’d imagine a full nationwide lockdown for Jan and Feb at least
He’s basically saying he doesn’t care about the lockdown restrictions because it means he doesn’t need to see his mother in law 💀😭
I hate to defend Charlie Kirk because he’s trash, but Republicans largely aren’t the ones pushing lockdown procedures that are forcing people out of work and are necessitating the stimulus checks in the first place
lockdown means my alcoholism is being revived
The country in turmoil coming up to Christmas. Peoples livelihoods in serious trouble with 3 month lockdown upcoming.Dustin is on this show, for some reason??. Somebody got this wrong in rte #cblive
Do y’all remember when lockdown first started and all of the sports stopped so we watch marble racing for fun?
first day of lockdown in my city and A) the buses are no longer packed and B) my job is no longer so fucking busy that I can't move from my register all day. finally being a working class grunt is survivable again
Freelance groom Niki Baxter is here to show you how to give your horse the best lockdown haircut possible! In this video she’ll walk you through her methods to perfect three different styles of clip jobs. 
I don’t think I’m mentally capable for another lockdown
you release a statement saying there is a risk from interprovincial travel...your  government should have a real lockdown. Ban non essential travel between regions.
There is certainly no need to sacrifice the futures of those under 50 - who have a better than 99.9% survival rate - in order to save a small number of 70+ year olds who can go into separate lockdown themselves.
Funny how China it started in China and other countries had a warnings about Covid. But our Governments decided not to pay attention to them  and start lockdown way to late. And suddenly because if OUR government failed its China's fault. #BorisHasFailedTheNation
We need a proper 6 week lockdown with secondary schools and colleges closed. Children can catch up later.
I've pledged that if I have to endure lockdown, I will do it in style. In this house we stan shiplap 🤍  Primal / Famfrit / Goblet / ward 14 plot 60 #ffxiv #hgxiv #FF14ハウジング 
Sorry it's so quiet on my end at the moment. I've been working a lot. Now lockdown for 1 month. Here's a little sorry from me Tapion in my version 😍 
Obviously thoughts on the Brexit trade negotiations which are going no where, the new strain of the virus, travel bans on the UK from 40 countries, Tier 4 lockdown over Christmas 🎄.....among many other things to discuss
Here’s an extract someone posted on Twitter leading up to our lockdown.  Contract tracing is much better equipped now but day by day numbers mean little by themselves. 
The nice thing about this particular lockdown is that you get a chainsaw for an arm
I found much resonance with this thread. As someone who has been married & cohabited, but been decidedly single for some time, lockdown here has transformed singledom into loneliness. I think you’re right, it’s the enforcement. It highlights potential difficulties...
Remember, those who are shutting down our economy haven't missed a paycheck since lockdown began. We are not in this together.
I'm not on here to get notoriety or to live in a virtual world. See, I'm not lockdown. Our state hasn't ever been locked down. We get to go outside and enjoy life. When this is all over, you going to find a closet to lock yourself in?
I mean not trying to be simp but you are a perfect woman, don't let others fool you because everyone else is awful in these days. With this lockdown and stuff, everyone has gone totally crazy
China's lockdown was very strict but the government provided food, medicine, entertainment during all the time it was locked down... 
Are we having fun yet?  It was total chaos out there today!  Merry Lockdown and Happy New Vaccine
He could rip the whole house up and I’d be like “DID YOU DO THIS???” And then he’s put on his goofy guilty face and I’d be like “omgosh you bad little boy, I can’t believe how bad you are, come snuggles”
Colbie Durborow and her great-grandmother both used their walkers together when they saw each other for the first time since lockdown #HumanInterest 
Stop international flights arriving every day at Toronto airport, from China India etc u want us to lockdown yet allow visitors???wtf
Lol hmmm unless it’s just me versus lockdown 🤪
I think this was asked earlier on in the lockdown from non-cohabiting couples. “Mr Halfcock, am I allowed to shag my girlfriend?”
You shouldn't be flying on lockdown to begin with.  🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Ignore the panic open peddlers. Do what you must to manage your individual risk.   Virus is gonna virus & none of these panic-driven measures matter.   Yet another thread where data vs lockdown religion cannot reconcile..👇 
I’m not usually one for resolutions but ⁦ advice to add self-care as a structured part of the day might be exactly what I need to get through 27 of lockdown.  
can someone please explain why ppl are hoarding grocery stores when they are essential and will still stay open during lockdown asking for a friend
I often think about how funny it is that the DOJ gave Nav Sarao an 18 month home imprisonment sentence and we’ve been in and out of lockdown since his first day LOOOOL
Everyone's arguing about how long the lockdown should last.  Perhaps we should be asking why ANY lockdown is needed.
It makes no sense at all to say #Tennessee is worst in the world on Covid-19 cases, transmissions, or whatever and ground zero but there’s no lockdown or mask mandate.
Will have to call him the voice of lockdown. Amazing story teller. Can't wait for the next story
Needa attend one big f*ck off wedding after all this lockdown bs ! 🤷🏻‍♂️
1. started dating ari 💕💖 2. both started and quit a full time job that treated me like shit and then did coding class  3. got to cosplay melone a month before lockdown 
Was the #downingstreetbriefing just to tell us how many lorries were stuck in Kent? 
we're going back into lockdown here, and even though i've already been living like we're in lockdown, and i feel like it's overdue for us so i'm happy that it's happening, it's still causing me intense amounts of anxiety for absolutely no logical reason at all
considering how over a month of lockdowns in GTA hasn’t done anything but blunt a spike in case counts, a 28-day lockdown like the one that Peel and Toronto have experienced is also a waste of time.  curfews work. Ford refuses to use them.
What pisses me off are people coming from Toronto or other larger cities to shop in our malls cuz they were in lockdown and we weren’t. The sheer fucking ignorance.
Watched the Invisible Man remake and its great even though the story is pretty unbelievable.  Like a bunch of peoples lives are threatened by something you can’t see? Anyway it’s a recommendation for when we’re in Covid lockdown over Xmas. 
An unconfirmed, leaked, world-wide schedule being borne out by unfolding events:  14.10.2020 Hal Turner Radio Show - CANADA GOING TYRANNICAL! 2nd "Total" Lockdown; ISOLATION CAMPS for "Refusers"  
Shortest day of the year done! Get some day light back in our lives! At least if we’re being lockdown, we’ve got the sun to enjoy in the garden! Not much fun going to work in the dark and coming back in it as well #WinterSolstice
And when this lockdown fails there will be no accountability from Ford, Tory or their Quack Dr's. It will be blamed on the public.
It's now been 17 hours I spent 80 meters underground with 15 more lads.  You might think it's an illegal orgy during lockdown.   But it's just big water pump engine calibration. 
People are really out here panic shopping when:  -we’re in a yellow zone -the grocery stores remain open during lockdown -there’s almost a full week until lockdown begins -our largest public outbreak is 2 students in a rural area  Stop.
This partial lockdown is coming when things are just taking shape 🤦🏾‍♂️
Heading into lockdown & installed  and finally started watching  I'm sooo hooked! I <3  I want only  &   in my life right now. 
A total lockdown... except for kids going to school... and Walmart..... and malls that want indoor pickup.....  WTF kind of “lockdown” is this?  Delayed until Boxing Day so Ford isn’t embarrassed yet again by photos of his family breaking lockdown :(
God bless you. I'll survive the lockdown.
No and you're moving the goalposts what nobody talked about not wearing a mask people who are anti lockdown don't mean there anti mask you all keep moving shit and going off topic
We could only refuse unsafe working conditions. I think this would be very valid since the rest of the province is in a “lockdown.”
That lady with the phone just sneezed into her hand then wiped germs all over her pants 🤢🤮🤮 #lockdown #MAGAIsCancelled 🤮🤮🤢 
What could happen in four days.....huge crowds at the stores, hastily arranged gatherings and the list goes on....so everything can get done before the lockdown?
Better don’t get pregnant with this lockdown happening!
But it can’t last forever. People in your case can also develop lockdown related diseases. Also, I know it too well because I also had to face the issue personally. During the first lockdown certain chronic treatments for life threatening conditions had to be suspended
Garbage bill. Do NOT support it. Not one penny of OUR money goes to foreign nations or people until you take care of Americans. Start by stopping this BS lockdown crap and open the country back up.
I live in SoCal, the malls and retail stores are packed. There is no lockdown.
some1 just called to cancel her order o, this lockdown is not funny at all
Whoever thinks this is a lockdown your an idiot. This isn’t and we never had one in the beginning of it either. 🙄🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️ open your damn eyes and realize things
Lies. Elliott. So many lies. And you've killed so many people due to these lockdown mandates. People who should never have died. Why? To potential save a few LTC residents. Blood on your hands. And Ford's cabinet ministers.
Oh look, anti-lockdown protesters assaulting the press. This was before destroying part of this building in an attempt to gain entrance to the Oregon Capitol building. 
Lifted lockdown way too early.  So many people warned at this. Infuriating!
Can't tell if it's worse being stuck in Tier 4 Lockdown  Or  Being stuck in Tier 4 competitive Siege
The federal government , Bridget Bema , Lockdown 2.0 , Jupiter and Saturn , #NengiXGenevieveMagazine , Asuu whatever the hell the trend is,  All i know is that I love Wizkid and Laycon for life! Just follow me and I will follow you back! 
That’s why I have to drink some liquid speed they call a “preworkout” just to get my ass up. 🤪 I can (barely) do the workouts but what I REALLLYYYY can’t do is eat better (less) and not drink. I mean, I might as well just die if you ask me to do those two things.
I remember those Halcyon days back in June when Colette badgered Leo on a daily basis to speed up the first exit from lockdown.
No same. I'm so frustrated and I honestly can't believe that this is still going on and even though this lockdown doesn't particularly change anything in my day to day life because I'm already doing it, it's so draining. I'm tired. We're all tired.
It’s been a complete shit show here right from the start. They were in denial about it at first and when it got worse they panicked as a result the public panicked when they announced the first lockdown, I remember people went crazy panic buying. It’s an absolute joke.
The new lockdown restrictions. No visits between households and non-essential businesses are closing for two weeks
4 dudes from tinder I haven't spoken to since May have messaged me today. The news of the lockdown brought them out of the works 
we only really just met but I can’t wait to talk to you more 🥺
With the mahusive amount of money you freeload from single parents and pensioners, it would be nice if you could interview some decent scientists and cover Lockdown harms rather than just brown nosing the government. Just a thought. #DefundTheBBC
Is that you send people home to die, the level of public outrage if there had not been a lockdown would be overwhelming.  The prospect of economic chaos/other illnesses/mental health is medium/long-term and therefore perceived to be much easier to tolerate. (2/2)
Can someone please explain why lockdown ended, other than they wanted us out spending money before Christmas?
just watched episode 2 of vicar of dibly from the lockdown series. Had me blubbing. Every bit of the episode was a triumph and couldn’t have been done any better. Now to episode 3 ❤️
Please look at reason for lockdown n happened in Ireland? It going plan in Ireland. 
Encouraging says a lot about the owner so lucky it's lockdown we should force the clown to sell 
Lockdown turned out good for my eight year old son. We worked really, really hard during homeschooling, his confidence grew and he got awesome grades at the end of term. All our collective hard work paid off! 😊
Wider lockdown may be needed to curb mutant coronavirus – Vallance  Couldn't the scientists find a way just to grab it, put in in a bag, and send it where it came from - to the US military laboratories? :-)
bruh i absolutely do not want to experience lockdown 2.0
So we’re just on a permo lockdown with the odd two week reprieve now is it?
My 2021 prediction:  Another full national lockdown the backend on Jan  Unemployment at an all time high  Joe Biden dies and Kamala Harris becomes POTUS (the plan all along)  Donald trump also dies due to “ill health”   England win the euros.
Eric Clapton and Van Morrison release anti lockdown song “Stand and Deliver” At least they are 1 of the few who have the stones to say  something about all this BS!!!   
The first thing they're even supposed to do, which is ban flights to and from UK, they didn't do it.  It's lockdown for people that have not gone anywhere that is their own problem. Nonsense.
Sorry but shouldn't travel have been banned 3 quarters of a fucking year ago? God help us if we have another pandemic with all the current world leaders we have.. If we had a global lockdown at the very beginning then covid-19 wouldn't even exist anymore..
mfs tryna ask me what my powers are... i’m already Black, what more do I need? 
We’re going to have a lockdown anyway, Keith.  Pretty well the same choice as last time and we’ll probably make the same decision: go for the second, and most economically damaging one.  🔹After Christmas for 3-6 weeks 🔹In New Year for 4-8 weeks
Timmins Mayor George Pirie said the provincial lockdown was 'inevitable' pointing to several recent travel-related cases in the area. 
Have to say, I may sign and share petitions on  but it sure beats retweeting content from the latest anti-lockdown nutter.
I don’t think we can survive another lockdown.
the fact that it was the lockdown that spurred this :((( this year truly is horrible i really hope things get better for him 
How at the start of the year were we in a major lockdown and going back into one at the end of the year fuck me
the only way i can go through another lockdown is if they GUARANTEE we can all be vaccinated by summer
Just kidding but for reals. I don’t think arguments need to always be terrible. Even if the other side doesn’t come to an agreement. Just you want imma show you 😎 next time the person will have no excuses but to acknowledge their own mistake
“Are we drinking tonight or what?”   Me to husband after: listening to the kids fight all day while trying to work, responding to “momma” approx 250 times, news of looming 28 day lockdown & extra week of winter school break, etc etc #lockdownontario #COVID19Ontario 
Lockdown here took place too late for it to have the effect that it did in New Zealand - so it's a ship that sailed long ago.
Esthy collectibles is your best plug for quality and affordable waist trainer belts, men briefs, shoes, bags etc..  Dm/whatsapp no : 07066641856 Location : Nigeria  #lockdown #lockdownontario Lockdown 2.0  
Autonomous cars, new Urban Agenda Habitat lll (Agenda 2030) page reference escapes me. Scottish roads were altered for social distancing during lockdown, 5G installed for whit ? Ah all of it was for the driverless cars all in the plan.
2020 Santa Claus announcement NSW   are the only competent Covid Gov & Health Service in Australia.  All NSW children get "Double" presents for being Covid Good. Other States unfortunately are considered Covid lockdown crazy & are dropped from Santa's operations
How long would it take to knock off 90% of infections? The last national lockdown reduced the R rate to 0.7-0.8.
Why don't we give that money to those who never got unemployment from the first lockdown. I think that's more important!
Looking good for my sweepstake bet.  Chinese Lockdown all the way to oblivion. 
Someone explain to me why drive- through Christmas light events are included in the lockdown? We’re literally in our cars.... make it make sense
Makes total sense to lockdown those 70+ and keep society and the economy functioning so the future of young people (who have a better than 99.9% survival rate) is not sacrificed.
Just how utterly incompetent are the Ford Conservatives?  If you want to find out the details of their supposed ‘lockdown’ (which is anything but!)?  You can’t view it on the gov’s own website. You have to download a PDF!
Widespread lockdown without economic cover for vulnerable face to face workers is the worst possible strategy when faced with a virus growing exponentially regardless of restrictions. Not to mention negative effects of lockdown etc.
why is there no sexy man ready to knock me of my feet fam?!?! Somebody flirt with me gdi, this lockdown has really cramped my style
Stuffed Peppers 🫑, Turkey Mince. Lockdown Skills Development 😂 
doing the washing up every lunchtime has been one of my little joys of lockdown. hands in toasty hot water, staring out of the window....a really soothing 20 minutes.
Not necessary cases aren’t that high just because it’s high in the south east doesn’t mean everywhere has to go in lockdown that’s not how it works
If we go back into lockdown, I'm making something.  Toying with the idea of making music again, I was always shite at it, but loved it more than anything.  Also need to finish writing the play I started.
Yes expectation management isn’t a strong suit of the government right now! Equally we did plan ahead with the November lockdown plus strict tiering for this. We would all still be angry with another three days notice?
You are aware what website you're on right?  NSW Labor has been measured and consistent in wanting stronger action all through this pandemic. That's the "positioning" you can analyse strategically.  Randos on Twitter are screaming at open-borders, anti-lockdown types.
I was thinking if they did lockdown (which turns out is not really a lockdown at all) on Dec 25 your employer would not have to pay for dec 26 holiday pay.  So everyone carry on this conversation has gone ..enjoy working and spreading covid about
That’s good.  At least Doug Ford was smart enough to start the lockdown after. I would prefer no lockdown at all, but that’s the decision he came to.
The chess community probably aren't even aware of the nationwide lockdown thats been going on due to covid-19 😳😳
Any chance of rereleasing in 16:9 HD or 4K . Binge watching the show to combat the lockdown. Useful for even us folks in California. Are there proper Twitter usernames for Tony and Tim ?
Escaped into a fun and happy playlist, all I can do to feel good  and hopefully help some of ya’ll feel good too. Lockdown is a f-er but music helps. Plenty of cheese, plenty of classics to help w your at home festivus maximus 
This is yet another example of Starmer calling it wrong. When the Tories *do* resort to another lockdown, he'll change his mind again and claim he supported it all along. 
We’ve been in this lockdown/quarantine for 283 days. Each one of those days was worth about $2.12, according to the US Gov
Went to the grocery store to make sure I have non perishables on hand for lockdown come Saturday. Walk out of Tesco with: ✅ Beans ✅ Rice ✅ Tea biscuits ...apparently my three main food groups. 
We’ll Wear masks,Avoid crowds,Social-distance and we’ll keep Washing hands! Abeg no lockdown  🙏🏻
Its nuts. At this stage we shouldn't hit the panic button everytime the numbers rise and a more dynamic lockdown should be implemented.
Whilst I hate Man Utd, I feel sorry that they have had to witness 79 hours and 5 minutes of Harry Maguire this year and this is taking into account the lockdown 
I’d say a lockdown in a pandemic will do that to the best of us.
They voted for the republicans. They didn’t follow lockdown protocol they fail to act responsible. If you don’t listen you will feel. 
Now that they've called lockdown, everyone in my bubble has called me asking what we should do.  I DONT KNOW GUYS. YOU TELL MEEEE
Quoting Neil Ferguson? The man who broke the lockdown for a shag with his mistress but more importantly has been proven wrong on every single one of his apocalyptic forecasts? #ScumMedia
I am heavy anti-lockdown. But am interested in truth. Can you give me a good reason why the Sweden approach would not have had similar results in UK?
Just finished Queen of the South on Netflix... what a show.. really really good show.. 8 out of 10 for me.. 4 seasons! Good for lockdown
Even ahead of the game this year. Wrapping the last 2 presents for the wife when I get home. Did 2 lockdown violation gatherings in the last week, working Christmas Eve and trying to figure out how to keep the spirits up for 23 guys in treatment/rehab.
Ty. This is where my frustration comes from. I dont care who you ship. But keep tae out your mouth, lord please.
It was for January 18 so with the lockdown it’s not happening 😭 we will probably do something DIY with the tripod lol
the thought of another lockdown in the UK is killing me
1. got on the deans list at uni  2. started a small business during lockdown  3. stepped out of my comfort zone in terms of socialising 
Shutdown. Lockdown. Mockdown. Dr. Steny Brown says shut it down now. Why aren’t you listening to the experts? Save a business but not a life.
OMG!!! That’s it!!! Burkie- when this lockdown is over- I’m setting this up outside your house!! 😍😍😍
Yet again no one said he didn't have a right to make the joke my point this whole time was why he made it does two people dare speak out against these stupid fucking lockdown regulations
Okay why is the left playing politics with this lockdown?
Also follows a lot of anti lockdown accounts and those in the media I suspect someone who is not who they say they are
Sydney ALONE was severely hit by the first lockdown......  The effects are there for ALL to see.  So MANY closed businesses and EMPTY residential  properties.  'Economy rebounding strongly' ??????? 
Looking for games to play on roadtrips or with family and friends in lockdown (or interstate or overseas)? Check out the Lab's language science games:  
The Stance, a band I seem to record a record with once a decade have a new EP coming out in 2021.  Heres a preview of a dub track I recorded in lockdown...  
Again, if you read it, it says the ones who are lockdown extremists. You're getting bent out of shape over something that wasn't said, and that the overwhelming vast majority of people who've read the tweet have understood clearly.
and  must be related somehow- Same personalities! Always moaning, creating jibes, deflecting and playing victim! Absolutely disgraceful! Liverpool were In Lockdown Gary for months whilst Manchester was not- dumb ass!!!
i’m really pissed at charon now cuz i’m supposed to be clearing these levels on a time limit and he just surprised with me THAT. bitch get out of here JSJDJ
Why should we have adhered to your color system if u can just scrub it at anytime u want   24 people in the Peterborough area from Yellow to lockdown with no increases in cases and 0 in the hospital  We will never belive anything thing u say again
Start planning for the end of lockdown with a stay in a Swedish treehouse, glass-fronted cabin in Norway or a food tour around spectacular Iceland  …
I’d like to know why there is a 1 week waiting period for EI during lockdown?!
International flight still in operation and internal activities are placed on stop...why won't there be lockdown 2.0...despite what happened during the previous...
It's always "all lives matter" until we go into lockdown; It's always "back the blue" until they don't back you; It's always "maybe antifa shouldn't be so violent" until you decide to incite violence, whether against other people or property.  Hypocrites. 🙄🙄🙄 
Yeah, taking the 70% increase figure you'd need to maintain the conditions previously needed to reach R= 0.58 for R=1. The UK barely reached that during initial lockdown, and you'd have to keep it up indefinitely.
Call me a doom monger but my gravest concern as the months progress during lockdown that this oppression results in civil unrest encouraged perhaps by foreign intervention.
The same fear bases messaging being rolled out AGAIN.   Its all over tomorrows headlines. Baseless claims of impending doom.  Surely there must be fewer and few people that are taken in by it?
What the actual fuck. Them rejecting level 5 months ago was what led to an extended lockdown that had little effect leading to this third wave. Take the medical advice for god sake! 
Watch this,   Anti-lockdown protesters break the door of Oregon Capitol Bldg and I'm sure you're fine with this "freedom of speech" because they're pro-Trump.   This is not Antifa,  These are right wing anarcho-terrorists. The folks you praise. Your people.
The voice I needed to hear!  The Song Courage to Change is the song I needed to hear 😢🙏🏼  #COVID19 #lockdown #covidsucks #StayAtHome #StayHome  #sia 
We're on lockdown again, so I don't really work at all.  Mostly wake up late, play vidya, shitpost, eat+drink, play more vidya and sleep late.
When is going to follow his little girlfriend down in Oregon and extend the lockdown until March 1.
I’d say 90% of people more or less followed the rules in Lockdown 1 and where are we now? If 100% is what you demand to defeat this virus, then I’d advise booking a flight to North Korea.
it’s not a slander show unless the entirely white crowd is screaming the n word at the top of their lungs. and in the middle of a lockdown? fuck slander fr 
ok also unrelated but what’s up w all these mexican boys and their bandanas like this guy and xolo I mean it’s a look for sure but I might be out of the loop on teen boy trends lol
I feel like we shouldn’t go to delp’s for Xmas but also I know mom is more depressed in lockdown than I am so she probably needs the social interaction 👀
Don’t be optimistic that things will get better during the lockdown and covid. It’s only the beginning.
Businesses doing their most in sectors where transmission is minuscule in reports, being shut by the government makes literal 0 sense. What the fuck was the point of the second lockdown if non essential retail is prioritised
I just don't get why people keep putting up with this lockdown bull$hit? Going this direction we are sinking this country and our way of life. 
Saw a anti lockdown sign on my street earlier. Had to hop out my car and kick that shit into oblivion. I don’t wanna see your ignorance showcased on full display for me to see
Again it’s all too wishy-washy & half arsed... Do the HARSHEST lockdown possible close down the island no entry or exit otherwise we’ll still be in this mess in July
the only good thing that has happened to me in 2020 is that lockdown has forced me to watch 582948 new things, a main highlight being Marvel
This is Bull shit. This is not a full lockdown when every damn business out there is now being classed as Essential.   Locking schools for a week or so is not a full lockdown
It's been so difficult getting posts together about travelling when there's no travelling allowed to be done! Does anyone have any #lockdown travel stories they wanna share??  #travel #travelphotography #travelgram 
Right...so covid may have quite a few tricks up its sleeve. So back to the original question....when do we call it a day and learn to live with covid?  Cant lockdown forever. I would say a few weeks is pushing it for many.
Feeling ok about the second lockdown right now but not sure how I’ll feel when Christmas is over and I’m stuck locked inside again this time without Christmas to look forward to
😆  Leading up to our summer solstice we had a three-month hard lockdown with one house exit per day, all non-essential businesses closed, no visitors, compulsory masks..... which can only mean from today onwards we're COMPLETELY fucked 😉 
Mike, I admire your courage for putting yourself out there. I ma near 60, I have once worn a face filter, I have been on the lockdown demos and shaken hands and hugged hundreds. I have never felt better, why I have I not had this highly contagous virus ?
Lockdown Num 3 inbound.. just aswel the other ones worked so well.. the extra ones in Dublin, Donegal and Offaly worked wonders.. great to have such good leadership in these trying times who have a vision to steer us through this with brilliance and superiority 😂😂😂
NPHET warns of three asteroids headed towards earth. Celebrations planned before next lockdown  #
First the Lockdown now this, whatever happened to justice why lawmakers are prioritize over frontline workers, those with long term conditions and seniors to recive the vaccine, especially  a low risk individual. Once again #EpicFail
i cant believe we’re going into a FURTHER lockdown how am i meant to live like this?! i can’t do this anymore
Mine was boring (April, right in the thick of lockdown 1) but I've had worse birthdays, so I can't complain 🤷‍♀️
Why do the politicians think that we should accept their uneducated advice on lockdown and not the Experts! This government will have many deaths in its conscience.
you are giving us 600 could you live off 600 after this long? Oh wait don’t have to you still get your pay through this whole lockdown! We the people want to take your pay away and see how faster you get results for the people.
Say you get your lockdown, get your vaccine rollout but then there's yet another excuse not to return to normal. What do you do then? Lose your trust? Realise you've been taken for a fool? Many think this right now. Blind faith won't get you anywhere
family got Apple Fitness+ so I’m gunna do some yoga during lockdown, so when I get out of this, I’m gunna be flexible and fat af 😏😏
also something that i am VERY much looking forward to despite our lockdown being extended FOR THE REST OF TIME is DISCOVERY OF WITCHES SEASON 2!  i am going to re-read fav Shadow of Night scenes in anticipation ! 
Having come this far on COVID fear-mongering, Aus politicians can't stop now & admit they made a mistake - they have to keep the panic going for fear of losing face.   Meantime, the PM of Norway has apologised for the 'unnecessary' lockdown in mid-year. 
Having lived in a city/state/country where we got it to ZERO using only the methods we know (hard lockdown, mandatory masks, fast testing, efficient contact tracing) the only thing I believe is your wilful ignorance.
i wish deactivating was indefinite instead of just thirty days, so i could leave for a long while and come back whenever i wanted. despite the nature of this website and the ravages of lockdown, i really enjoyed this year on twitter and meeting all of you
I need a second lockdown becs I’m running out of excuses as to why I can’t go out
America first? My ass .  Sounds like America last!   This is bullshit!   The peasents(you and me). Get crumbs compared to what the overall bill encompasses!    This lockdown bullshit is insanity
Well, you know what's next... The new strain has arrived, we need to lockdown again!!  Snore.
Anyway, lockdown kicked in and Archie was staying indefinitely due to adoptions being halted. So we settled in and we all got used to our new routine. 
So get this.  Canada goes FULL Lockdown for 28 days...not today--but CHRISTMAS EVE!!!  So its really bad but they will wait to implement it--on CHRISTMAS EVE.   And this, SEX TOY SHOPS get to stay open because they sell CONDOMS.   
Why is there a lockdown anyways? It solves nothing.
Oh no. We can’t ski outside anymore isn’t that a lockdown order?
We’re going to need a northern Italy April- style Tier 5 lockdown at this rate to avoid northern Italy April-style scenes in our hospitals
Mentally my head can't take this lockdown shite anymore. We're going around in poxy circles at this stage. Nearly a year into it now and these clowns still have no idea now to manage it
Says Ruth who supports disorder, selfishness and untold risk. Am guessing your not effected by this virus like the millions who will lose their job because cannot end the lockdown or those who will die needlessly.
And a further lockdown will increase those deliveries even more and therefore the contacts. Yet there are so many "I'm alright Jack" types who don't care.
I normally love Christmas but this year sucks...finally the time where I’m on break from school and we will be in lockdown :( I’m just over this year
We are in lockdown because our hospitals are overwhelmed and we have no icu space . The people in the hospital are seniors and those with pre-existing conditions. These are the ppl dying . Vaccinating them will save lives & remove strain on healthcare
Binge watching movies or reading as much as I can since my city is under lockdown📚🍿
No need for it; just presenting the fact that we’re in lockdown
My mate and I started that a month ago. Don't think we finished week 1. So hard when busy, then so hard when in holiday, and so hard when in lockdown, and so hard when dark and cold, and so hard when too hot.
One of the things I noticed with #COVID19 lockdown in Australia was the closure of charity shops.  When department stores were able to remain open this was nothing but a measure to increase profits of the monopoly stores 
if there wasn't a lockdown i'd probably would have never met people and either stayed alone or gone back to people who don't treat me well
Beansprout   Or maybe something Christmas-y Noël Elf Holly Santa’s Little Helper 😆
Bday in 9 days and will 1000% be back in lockdown xxxxxxxx might just fuck about and not wake up tomorrow
second last day before total lockdown.. will meet some friends tomorrow since idk when we’re seeing each other next (most probably after NYE) also got some really nice/fancy stuff to drink
Can you travel there??? I'm game... we are in lockdown and its BORING and POINTLESS!
love island al mudarme a uk, the leftovers en el primer lockdown, the west wing en el segundo, los dos discos de taylor swift y ahora la cuarta temporada de the crown 
600$ stimulus is a Joke we been put off for so long it will barely put a scratch in my bills and I go to work every day I drive truck and jobs have slowed down due to Covid-19 lockdown shame on you Congress you left us out to dry see you at the polls
This is an old video from internet.But I like it.This chinese girl follows all the rules of lockdown.I think that she is a role model of lockdown. 
I wont do what i want except that i want to save lives so lockdown it is.
Most of the lockdowns are so porous it’s pretty obvious why they’re failing though.  Trying to balance a lockdown with “but you can keep the shops open just don’t sell booze after 8pm” isn’t a lockdown that will work.
"Fascism that I DO like is necessary lockdown procedure. Fascism that I DON'T like is white supremacy." 
Dr Fauci just showed up on news hour and my mom and I started calling him cute so my Dad got mad and stomped away. We do it for the culture, darling.
Join the good fight, Scottish Power must pay! Record profits of £872.2 million in the first 6 months of this year. Added fraudulent debt to our prepay meter In March, and never said a word. Left us destitute for months, during lockdown! Time for this to end!
It won't. It's just so they can justify putting us all back in lockdown.
No relief until February at the earliest? 400k dead with no mask mandates or push to lockdown? A mass eviction crisis and closed small businesses? The 20s, yet again, will be very painful for many, lovely Gatsby-esque parties for a few
Hmmm cases fell when schools closed and cases rose when they reopened during lockdown. How every interesting 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔
Wait- are shelves emptying again like the first lockdown???
We do not need a shorter lockdown! Mind your business!
They'll just make us lockdown harder. No reasoning with these officials. China did it it must work for everyone
this is wrong! Do not lockdown further, lift the lockdowns slowly.  Re-examine the PCR Test method for false positives last 3 months. New deaths way down! #onpoli #TOpoli   Watch live: Ontario Premier Doug Ford announces province-wide lockdown 
These number are from during lockdown.  Suppression as a strategy is finished.  
I know saving lives is important but deciding to go into another long level 5 lockdown before the start of another very long recession will finish off a lot of businesses for good.
Ok for real tho who’s gonna wife me up for this next lockdown
Absolutely, but that has been the case for months; his inability to capitalise on the first lockdown showed that clearly! 
This is why I am dubious of some of the more spicy lockdown conspiracies. Elites who know what they are doing do not want to create a lot of very angry people with nothing to lose.  There will be a great many such people next year. 
Lockdown: Why Did We Copy China?  A short film about a Great Leap Backwards.   
I’m shocked that people are shocked re the lockdown proposals.
They really need to get that “NO POMEGRANATES” bitch out here to reinforce this new lockdown
I don't have any, cause I don't put my money in ponzi scheme
Finished a Stormhawk Interceptor today for my Blood Ravens, glad to have this done, as it’s a really nice model.  Was a model panic bought at the beginning of lockdown in March from   #Warmongers #PaintingWarhammer #WarhammerCommunity #P…  
People don't want a handout , they need jobs , you and the rest of senat are incompetent , stop the lockdown , no mandatory vaccine
And don’t nobody come at me for the first part of this opinion bc being sad about lockdown does NOT equate to not abiding restrictions I’ll stay in my room for a month if it means we can finally be done with this
Gilmour can't do worse than Jorginho, at least he was keeping J5 on the bench till that injury against Palace after lockdown
What does full lockdown entail? Like buy weeks worth of food and lock your doors and stay there?
Why are so many international flights allowed to land in Canada during this pandemic, when we are in lockdown?!
If I could go back in time as soon as this corona came out I would report to the government insisting on a lockdown straight away and not any fucking faffing about, this has dragged out too long now
here comes another lockdown:( i have only gone like 1 place in the last 3 months😭i can’t take another one
this only means one thing.  will get even more famous and officially never get the chance to meet him or see him concert 😔 my one chance to even see his concert was cancelled because of lockdown. my one wish is to see him in concert. i need to see him for myself ... 
Amira and her dad don’t look like they’re dealing with much of a lockdown since no one around them is wearing a mask. #90DayFiance 
They held the result and waited for sallah, not it's Christmas they want to lockdown... Bomb will locate them
No no honey. Lockdown sceptic. It’s very real and it’s coming for Grandma
Its going to be something approaching full lockdown early Jan isnt it. Surely? 
Can anyone tell me where to get British brie and British saffron for my British paella. Faggots and peas are sooo lockdown one.
its terrible like i just cant do it my brain turns to mush 
There is also the  mechanic where you can also shoot the alien with a revolver or the shotgun (in the head area) to stun it for like 2 seconds, that can buy you a sec to perhaps lockdown a door if you are near one.
Another lockdown only getting a bit of normality back into our life’s and it’s going again, 50% of business will never open back up and 1000s of people be out of work not good
More contagious & new variant of coronavirus outbreaks in UK. Many European countries going for full lockdown 😑😑😑
Lockdown number 7273838, about 10 tiers, businesses having to shut down, people outta work, no flying, no clubs, concerts, festivals. We’re actually in prison while other countries are back living life cuz their government has more than 1 brain cell between them
My twins. They will turn 18 early in January. We are in Tier 4.   Perfect circle as I celebrated my birthday just as we went into lockdown in Spring, so that’s all my household fairly impacted now...  Wishing you a Happy Lockdown Birthday!
The progressive BEGS the State for sustenance...Never realizing that they need “assistance” precisely because of the unconstitutional lockdown and restrictions on our Liberty and Assembly by the same criminal enterprise.  Land of the Free, Home of the Brave...Indeed. 
“California” dude literally everyone is still going out and about shopping and going to restaurants at least in the Fresno county area if you wanna do a lockdown then do it close all non essential businesses  #Newsom literally sucks ass:/ 
Gladys is just putting off having to deliver a politically uncomfortable message. The lockdown will not be reduced.
During the first covid lockdown, we bought a condo in Florida. BEST INVESTMENT EVER!
YUP YEAH EXACTLY but also gender essentialism putting way too much emphasis on such. miniscule things. like. this page was from a lil anatomy pamphlet thing and its what i hate most abt looking up anatomy refs-- the male vs female body differentiation
"Ontario’s small business owners have shown resilience & ingenuity throughout the pandemic. "  And friends, that's why I'm keeping box stores open throughout the lockdown. Why get supplies from a ma and Pa store, when you get everything, and COVID too, from Walmart?
Can I now add influencer to my bio?  #werner #CHEWHU #tammy #lampard #kovacic Lockdown 2.0 Jupiter and Saturn The federal government sniper national identity card nimc NIN 
Another national lockdown likely - seriously how much more can we take with this. 
Doctor I and fully appreciative of your work however I disagree with this. I think Doctors shouldnt get into politics. This lockdown is going to save lives and no business is more important than lives.
Government advisers/politicians who were caught breaking lockdown/social distancing rules: Cummings (most famously), Neil Ferguson, Catherine Calderwood, Rosie Duffield. None of these individuals were fined. Why should the public follow the dystopian rules?
From what I understand its the same kind of lockdown like back in March.
i think the last 7 months have taught us lockdown is clearly not effective so why continue forcing it
I agree there should be more restrictions. I’m a realtor and we are considered essential because people still need to buy and sell. But we have new ways of operating and do a lot virtually now, and will be discouraging people from acting during lockdown.
lockdown round 2 means i will be putting another 500 hours into the sims
Not directly. But NPHET is largely made up of the same HSE management that have done f**k all to have the health system capable of dealing any sort of extra demand. Lockdown is a response to cover their incompetence, as well as an epidemiological response.
When are people going get in with there lives.  This virus isn't going anywhere. There will be a new strain every year. Country country can't afford to go into lockdown every 6 months
Paul McCartney on creating "McCartney III" in lockdown, and remembering John Lennon 
Any additional deaths over the Xmas festivities will be your responsibility and yours alone - Irish men & women are going to die on your watch unless you introduce   Lockdown level 5 on Xmas day - follow the solid advice from NPHET
It truly is. I think a full lockdown and the vaccine are necessary if we’re to stop this in and out of restrictions.
Yay! Another province wide lockdown , Merry Christmas to all  
Skies were extremely clear during lockdown without traffic pollution etc. Perhaps back then there was less cloud cover in general because of this 🥰👍
i think the only times ive seen him have a fit over frozen food is when the restaurant tell there customers its cooked fresh but its not actually
tbh they prolly just ain't close it. i've had synthv open for a month straight
How do your explain higher death rates in lockdown countries life France, Italy, UK, Spain than no lockdown countries like Sweden
i want so many more tattoos but lockdown is fucking up my ting
Love being a barbershop owner spending any amount of time and money on making the shop covid proof, in a sector where the transmission rate is minuscule, to once again be closed by the government.  Lost 60% of revenue last year. Another needless lockdown.
Exactly, because lockdowns work.  Unfortunately the government had no plan in place to stop the virus spreading when everything reopened again. Then the second lockdown was way too late. Ended too soon. And now here we are.
With a likely new lockdown coming into play in the UK I think that's a factor in this sale. Unless they can delay it again.
Sexual tension + unrequited love + angst no comfort. Ci piace lo stesso 😂
The MET better be on lockdown I’m already on my way to take back what’s ours 😈 
Fitness apps and activity trackers a success in lockdown, study finds : After analysing data of 7,454 people, researchers found smartphone apps or activity trackers increased physical activity by an average of 1,850 steps a day.  
Same here bro , we about to face second wave of lockdown here .
Paltry. Insulting. Congress should be on lockdown and salaries suspended.
again why you have consistently lied and yet again lied about lockdowns. 5 tiers not enough fir your control it has to be full lockdown again!!! You are a disgrace to this country!! Killed more people than covid ever will!!! 
i will do affiliate link promotion affiliate marketing, referral link promotion  #lockdown #davidoxyonda #nairamarley #Jupiter #jupitersaturnconjunction #Neymar #medtwitter #RocaAFazenda #raspberrypi
The Municipality of #Brockton released a new COVID-19 Information Bulletin on the measures that have been taken by the Municipality in response to the Provincial wide lockdown announcement. Read the bulletin on our website:  
Boxing Day?!? This lockdown should have been in November! But let’s let everyone travel, shop, spread, and then go into a mock down because healthcare workers need the extra work right?
the man who openly admitted to lying to us. Who lied to us two press conferences in a row in the matter of days. But sadly regarding a lockdown he’s telling the truth. Because  is an idiot who can’t think for himself! 
Sending my heartfelt condolences for your loss ❤️💔❤️ please don’t think that nobody cares it’s probably just timing and other reasons since new lockdown introduced! This is the first time I have looked at Twitter since yesterday xx
Sleepy Joe and family is loading up on puts. Mf wants a 100 day lockdown 😂
Same. I didn’t get it during my enjoyment of eat out to help out but got in while adhering to lockdown. Didn’t even go out in tier 2 and still caught it 🥴
you are honestly telling me this never happened or you missed it?  come on ...
I remember when Shane and I had only been on a couple of dates pre lockdown, that he drew me a picture of Marty Whelan fighting covid 19 with a Hurley after I told him I was high risk and a bit anxious about the then very far away covid situation 
just that one but of dan saying 'time to come out. again ahuh' and phil going 'im gay'. literally this is all i ever wanted from them post coming out
Would wish for this pandemic to finally end.....  Otherwise will take whatever the Queen is willing to give....  (preferably a hug would be nice)  Province is going back into lockdown  on the 28th...   🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡💔🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡
They keep changing the date for this lockdown like they don’t want to do but are being forced to.
This is another joke from  . He was telling the same thing in the start of 2020 but imposed a lot of #lockdown subsequently   #COVID20 #CovidNewStrain #CoronavirusStrain  
They have over played their hand. This is desperate nonsense.  The lying and fearmongering has become so blatant. I can't believe that anyone would be taken in by this.  People have to stand up and take their lives back.
oh wake up! If we'd had an early lockdown in the Spring with people following the rules it would not have gone on this long.
the lockdown was probably the best thing to happen to me
LOCKDOWN. ANY EXEMPTION FOR DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AMERICAN FAMILIES? DR. FAUCI DR. BIRX DR. CUOMO DR.CHRIS CHRISTIE mask brush your teeth TRUMP DEFEATED YOU! THAN THE MOST POWERFUL CLINTON FOUNDATION PHILANTHROPISTS  BOO YA
Lockdown turning out a win-win for the one percent
What about the European countries that had high compliance with social distancing measures and masks thanks to the huge fines? They don’t seem to have slowed it down there? Many of those countries are back in lockdown?
That’s because people still gather.  Many still don’t wear masks or they wear the  b/s gaiters which don’t really provide any protection. The lockdown only hurt businesses, not corona.
"I'm the guy who's stealing Christmas" - Brian Pallister  "I'm the guy announcing a lockdown that won't take place until after Christmas because I want you all to have a merry Christmas, basically" - Doug Ford
It being the shortest day of the year (although not the coldest, actually), I found myself thinking of this scene from Mad Men again. Read you some Frank O'Hara while in lockdown, folks! He's a good voice to keep you company.  
Time for #wet pub owners to stop being wet drips and get up off their knees #IRELAND  NO MORE FUCKING #LOCKDOWN BS NO MORE #MASK CODOLOGY  FUCK RIGHT OFF WITH RESTRICTION  WE HAVE LIVES TO LIVE
Why would Christmas be less stressful? Everywhere that locked down earlier than us is still in lockdown.
Boris on Friday be like merry Christmas UK, I got you another lockdown for your collection 😘😘
This lockdown was imposed by  on the instructions of SAGE to "save Christmas".  
Actually an awful lot of EOL patients would rather die at home. Especially during lockdown where they are more likely to be able to do so with family than in the hospital environment. There's that confirmation bias again.
This is . 's 47th bullshit lockdown. We could have done a NZ or AUS in the summer when we could have wandered outside, but no... Premier Pretend thought we were turning the corner...well, we've turned fifty corners and we are fucking nowhere. And people are dying.
Trying to remain positive with another lockdown on the horizon is pretty hard ☹️
I stocked up on cookies this morning... well I bought about 10 boxes so we should be good 😉 plus chip n dip and of course milk for the #fatman I think I have about a year of food incase the lockdown is extended... I am very thankful.
Lockdown PSA: both seasons of Atlanta are on the iPlayer until Friday, if you fancy binging something genius over Xmas
The GYMC will be closed until Jan. 25, 2021 as per the Dec. 21 announcement by the provincial government moving Southern Ontario into a 28-day lockdown due to Covid-19. Please visit our Facebook page for updates… 
Yea, but no, but yeah, xmas, no, but lockdown &, tiers before bedtime!
When restriction and lockdowns increase - COVID cases go up.  Do not need to be a scientist or see the numbers - at this point plane to see if paying attention.   Lockdown do not work!  Neither do mask mandates. 
Thats what I’ve been saying! Once we set a new provincial record he shouldve put us into lockdown
Im partial to a bit of Lady Antebellum too. Good luck with the new relationship...it's nice to have a bit of good news...enjoy your Christmas and lockdown
Like there gonna let us off now,they can’t lockdown forever,they know peeps are getting pissed,they’ll start with the economic effects next,then civil unrest,cashless,abolition of private property,equality,unless your a billionaire like Bill and George
Impose tier 4 across the country. Close all airports. Why are we waiting for more people to die? Ten day Christmas lockdown which if necessary extends beyond end of January.  #covid19 #coronavirus #Christmas    
Sweden never introduced full lockdown, primary schools were never closed etc.. mask are not mandatory and total deaths per million is the same as in 2018, or 2017 etc. 
What r you gonna do for your 26 day lockdown 
"every time there's a lockdown cases fall."  sorry, but until you address the fact that you were demonstrably wrong i will not play pigeon chess with you.
As most already know, we are heading to another lockdown on the Dec. 26th...unbelievable..let’s do better Toronto I miss you #Quarantine
Eg the fine for not wearing a mask in Melbourne was $1600. And you could be arrested for being out of your home without a work permit. Yet the spread continued and cases kept on the same trend up...... hence the following 5 month lockdown.
Ask the Doctor: Is extra booze during lockdown making my Raynaud’s worse?  
Oh look the same police who WILLFULLY ignored #BLM protests and massive Rail Road Blockades find them to ticket anti-lockdown protestors And they say there is no BIAS in law enforcement.  #Montréal #EndTheLockdowns #Covid19CA #PoliceState
Please sign my attached petition for John Henry, Chair of Durham Regional Council, to resign.  He is opposing lockdown against the recommendation of our hospitals/health workers.  He failed a sacred duty: the safety and well-being of residents.  
👇👇👇 New results from lab members  and  about the impact of India's COVID-19 lockdown on urban species diversity. Great work, team! 
UK Lockdown - The Poor lose again badly! As the Rich barely suffer of anything. Read! - Dr ACactivism 
I mean it’s not just the Washington post. They’re in another round of extreme lockdown. Google is free
I agree fully with you I have never been ok with it from the very first day they did lockdown
And how many billions leaving the US for things NOT related to recovery from a forced lockdown on us?
Days before Christmas. And another lockdown. And the end of the transition period. I’d imagine tensions are high
Jno at the start I was like whatever just follow the rules it’ll be over soon and now 9 months in I’m like????????? This is literally not at all a sustainable way of living???? 3 weeks of semi freedom for 6 weeks of lockdown??? I’m so angry????
#ontario going into lockdown again and gyms are shutting down again. I need a lawyer to tell me a crime I can commit that will put me in prison for 30 days. I heard the gyms in there are half decent. #ontariolockdown
This was a claim I heard early on in the pandemic when the lockdown in Wuhan first began. For the life of me I have not been able to find an actual serious reference as to where that claim came from.
the piecemeal lockdown hasn’t worked because grey-level restrictions have no teeth whatsoever. they still assume people will do the right thing and stay home. they haven’t… so they should be forced to stay home.  these children need grounding.
I Donno eoin , as a shop worker we are burnt out from the last few months and I’d rather see a lockdown than the scenes I saw on every insta Acc at weekend.
We ordered beef Wellington during the national lockdown in case Christmas was cancelled... Pretty happy with that foresight!
i am pro lockdown. but over and over and over again these arbitrary rules make it difficult to be pro lockdown.
If the anti-lockdown protestor was black he likely would've been arrested or shot on the spot. Weird how when they're white nothing happens to them?
oh i just got some new followers,,, sorry my accounts a mess rn i went on lockdown bc an irl found me but i’m back now 😁👍
dammit 🤬 lockdown means i can’t go out hunting chicks
john mulaney has been talking about how lockdown and quarantine has been a hard time on him so i'm so proud that he took this step. i do hate how it's supposed to be a private thing and now every media outlet knows about it.
Be safe June! Hopefully you have everything you need to get past this latest lockdown! Give the pups a big hug! Safety is so much more important than celebrating.
With schools having got this far, why would we not open them in January? Most kids, teachers & parents must have been exposed by now? And so what if more kids & parents catch it? They’ll survive & grandparents can shield/be vaccinated. It’s not the Black Death FFS. 
'If Antifa can do it, so can we': Anti-lockdown protesters declare 'patriot autonomous zone' outside of Oregon Capitol,     
I bought tickets from  & couldn't use it due to lockdown. They have refused to refund me or reschedule it for free.      y'all need to call  to order. This is unfair. #DanaRefundOrRescheduleForFree
you're such a tool. You're killing Ontario. There is no reason for a lockdown and the cases are ACTUALLY THE SAME as they have been all along. You've increased the number of tests, hence we have a higher infection rate. It's not rocket science.
You catch more flies with honey, and you catch more votes with common sense, and you get better compliance with rewards.  Your lockdown punishes those who have been good. You are telling us that our good behavior doesn't matter.  #whyDoWeBother #EndTheLockdown
So...after everybody has Christmas with family and bombard stores this week? Everybody knows you're only doing it so when you and your cronies get caught at big parties you can say weren't in lockdown.
This lockdown they had to apply one month ago..this too late.but worth it.
And all this to protest a lockdown...due to a deadly pandemic...that their president is responsible for due to the lack of warning and direction and action...love it here :)
Another 0 deaths... lock down harder Tony!!! This virus is out of control
Fucking restaurants haven’t even been open a month this shit is a fucking shambles so frustrating the 6 weeks of lockdown was a waste so
Sure. Problem is: most TypeScript advocates on Twitter are far too sneering about and dismissive of JS.
WHY WHY WHY is lockdown not being taken seriously...  Shops that sell - sofas carpets beds lighting furniture etc..  still remain open using “homeware” as an excuse to trade...  This will just entice people to go out shopping & spread the virus... 🤬
I eat fish, we have numerous fish restaurants locally that are heaving, when not in lockdown of course! I think it had a decline for sure but folk are thinking more about what they eat and more healthier and a return to fish is apparent.
hair appointment booked before lockdown 🙏🏼 merry christmas to me
I am humbly still expecting thr zombie apocalypse    Lockdown 2.0 December21
Lockdown has brought back a lot of our demons. Glad he has the access he needed. I love that dude.
This government has consistently ignored public health advice, tried to sideline NPHET, acted in favour of business and lobby groups. This is their fault and we will be bouncing in and out of lockdown until this is over thanks to them. #COVID19 #Ireland
We don’t have any updates on this lately, probably just holiday related but we do plan to meet with them soon to check the vibe & state our case & offer our half of the dog park. Will keep y’all updated.
GOT GREAT FARMING AND GROWERS WITHOUT THAT LOT GOT SOME GREAT BRITISH GROWN FRUIT AND VEG DURING THE FIRST LOCKDOWN. BOSHAM Catering. And will again   Time to  truly support our own  ❤️🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧👍👏👏👏 
The school announcement should have happened on the 14th. The lockdown, not so much. He already looks like an idiot having a lockdown that starts in 5 days.
Louis could you please send NSW some love we are about go through another lockdown 😢
Neither do you  What is your evidence that no lockdown will lead to a decrease (or level) in deaths?
I live in the region next to Toronto. We were doing fine, in yellow zone. Toronto went into lockdown so people just started coming here. Soon we were in the red zone. That's why a province wide lockdown is essential. Currently it is Not 'most of the province, at all.
Other than the memory of my dad ordering toilet paper from the “#1 Turkish toilet paper brand” off eBay during the lockdown earlier this year, my 2020 recap on Snapchat was as  would say, “tra tra tra trashhhh”
Can’t even begin to express how good it feels to be able to go and drink coffee and sketch in cafes again. I feel like I lost myself for those 9 months of lockdown! #cafesketch #cyberpunk2077 #cyberpunkfanart 
There is no one part of the population who want lockdown less or more. Everyone has their views. Some are off the wall, some outrageous. Everyone is entitled to their view.
Nope.  I'm not close enough to the US to begin with.  In fact I'm in Tier 4 so have maximum lockdown conditions!  God save the Queen!
I'll Leave This Here ....    #WearAMask #Coronavirus #SocialDistanacing #DistanceLearning #Outbreak #Pandemic #Quarantine #Lockdown #DadeCounty #Miami #Florida
I can't stop looking at his horrible hair Like a haystack in need of some care Barbour on lockdown drugs or what Because like you he's just lost the plot😜😊🍄🎅
You look so young and cute Xxxx 🙈🥺🥺🤣🤣🤣 Awww  still looking amazing Xxx when lockdown is over we need a proper catch up and not when we are both hangover xxxx🙈🙈🙈
America just sort of accepted our failure to control COVID, and is just rolling over and continuing our semi-lockdown as cases skyrocket.  Britain’s actually trying to control the virus after all these months bruh
Johnson will kill 1,000s by now waiting to lockdown until after Christmas. Populism does not save lives
We've not had a lockdown since May or whenever it ended, so that's not true
I finally published my first poetry book (+ it helped me get through lockdown) 🎉🎉🎉  
Hi Johnny 👋 it's getting real bad over here but all my family and friends are ok and we go back into a tough 6 week lockdown on Boxing day. Hope it's ok where you are. x 😀
Typical poor south cannot just be us!! Lockdown on the cards forecast all of them. Oxford vaccine will be by end of month.
Why is  so intent on destroying our economy and screwing with people and their mental health? International flights landing in Toronto all day long.   Lockdown is the new future.
*at a job interview*  them: and what have you achieved over the lockdown period me: learned how to t spin and got tetris maximus them: omg ur hired
Fab. Cause that worked so well last time 😑 see you all in March when we've ended up in another extended lockdown 🙄 
I'm curious as to how you expect contained teachers to still be in school teaching during lockdown?  What about those that have children at home doing online learning?
Me about lockdown a few weeks ago: Well at least I can get a lie in...  Me during said lockdown: *wakes up early every day and gets out bed to do stuff*
Right. 10000s of lives at stake and you postpone the lockdown. Nothing you do makes sense except to those who profit.
It’s not about intent it’s about the consequences. Realistically Melbourne cannot afford another hard lockdown (mentally or economically) so actions need to be taken to mitigate the risk of an outbreak here. It’s not about you personally.
If everyone spends Christmas with their family this year, we’ll be in lockdown in January.   If no-one spends Christmas with their family this year, we’ll be in lockdown in January.   Its pretty straightforward.
Imagine you traveling home for #DettyDecember then you are caught in the lockdown or end in Panti from Cubana. Holiday ti lazzident.
Businesses have to organize and defy the lockdown measures. Even just for one day in protest. Something, anything.  We're under attack by our government and media. This is war against us, nothing less.
We all know the truth. Even the government knows it.  WE CANT AFFORD ANOTHER LOCKDOWN.   Our economy took a nosedive for the first one, any subsequent LOCKDOWN will drown it.
prayer circle for my job to finally start Acknowledging lockdown
Those who are not for the vaccine are those who don’t wear mask. That is why the numbers in the US is spiking. Then, they bark about on the lockdown. Let them get infected, but don’t let them take over the hospital bed.
So a ‘weather guy’ just described the weather for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and said “if you venture out....” and we know how some will interpret that if no #lockdown   DR. WILLIAMS!
I thought we had the second lockdown in Sept. Oct. And now in 3rd wave and lockdown?  We need to come together n not comply.
Populism does not save lives. Johnson will kill 1,000s by now waiting to lockdown until after Christmas
So we're going into lockdown again Xmas eve.. SAVAGE 🙃🙃🙃
Schools need to shut if we have another lockdown/go into T4. Like, I get that “kids need school” but it’s a fucking pandemic and kids need their parents and family to live more than they need to be at school.
Wouldn’t be surprised if we got at least another 4 weeks lockdown straight after Christmas 😩
After 10 months in lockdown, is Pooh making house calls?
tell me how I didnt know we were going into a 2nd lockdown until I called my parents earlier 💀
No I haven't Eoin. Read your first sentence. You've construed that everyone who wants an extreme lockdown is a private sector workers who works from home. I can tell you factually, that I've encountered many front line workers who prefer lockdowns given the risks.
remember how salty we got because phil implied that dan wouldn't be participating in the video. sometimes complaining works
“This is not, by any reliable definition, a lockdown... If the rules you espouse are seemingly made of rubber, why wouldn’t people bend them?”  Scathing column from  summing up many concerns raised today about what he now dubs a “mockdown”: 
A group of people who are unmasked, hugging and all getting into a limo together outside of my apartment tonight. On the first day of lockdown in Hamilton. My heart breaks. #COVID19Ontario 
my dad just screamed from the living room "jessica!!!! why didn't you tell me luke skywalker was in this episode????" 
Releasing a book and then instituting a lockdown is a god level sales tactic tho 🤔
really? We need to do the smart thing if we want this to get better. Do you not agree? Sure I don't want to be in lockdown for a month but you got to do what you got to do! And why can Quebec people come here if they don't work here. No reason for it.
i cant for the life of me remember who it was but a while ago one of the bigger red dwarf accounts posted this screencap in response to lockdown regulations n ive been thinkin about it every single day since 
As we are all spending more time at home on the Internet these days, don’t forget: Santa Claus is like your Computer Browser. He knows when you’re awake. He knows if you have been bad or good. And he knows where you have been on the Internet. #DeletYourHistory #lockdown
And it ends with rapid testing, contact tracing and isolation knocking it down to zero a day. Look at all the clusters NSW has done that too without a lockdown
Monday eyes Ford’s lockdown as a gift to the Development & Real Estate Industry. Gov’t as a protection scheme.
KIM we need to see some English winners plzzzz I AM in Tier 4 Lockdown here in England, Kent🥲🥲🥲  £thatfamousjimmy 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿♥️♥️♥️🤞🏻🤞🏻🤞🏻#KKWHoilday  
Lockdown for entire province should have been weeks ago. My question is concerning covid app. Are there any stats that tell me how many infected people  input the code they are given so that others can be notified?
Our 3 course housemates feasts were definitely a highlight of first lockdown. It was so fun to come up with full menus and execute the dinner party
Thread of anti-lockdown protestors physically assaulting reporters who are photographing vandalism of the Oregon capital.  cc  
It really is difficult to understand why they decided to implement the lockdown AFTER Christmas. This is absolutely the message people will read between the lines. 
A Must Watch.. On The Five Greg  was on Fire and called Hypocrite Geraldo a Weasel and ripped him a New Weasel Hole! The  Five Team all shut down  Demonrat Geraldo who needs to retire ASAP! 
Still waiting to be able to get a medical to properly renew my license. Doc has been closed since the first lockdown. Telephone appointments only.
Every player went through the same lockdown, just sounds like you're making excuses for a below average season.
We don’t need to lockdown at all Tom, are you mental? Possibly indoctrinated! Hospital admissions are lower than this time last time month! Thought the ‘variant’ was exponential? Come on lad!
Lol, you said lockdowns don't work.  I'm saying they clearly do work.  Did I say anything about implementing the same type of lockdown as China?  No, I did not.
I've gained so much weight in lockdown like none of my clothes fit anymore but the weight has gone to all the ✨ right places ✨so it's me 1 - 0 gym hehe
That actually was said to me at the start of lockdown.
It’s been one day since lockdown was announced and people are going fucking crazy, like clam done people and be nice to your cashiers, we are working our asses off
I'm not mentally ready for another lockdown, last one I nearly went nuts.
I read it during the first lockdown when I was struggling to read at all and could not put it down.
I drove to mid-Wales in the middle of their ‘full lockdown’ a few weeks back and didn’t see a police car, or indeed anyone interested in my movements, the 3 days I was there.
China is winning the battle because americand dont want twear mask and dnot want to honor the lockdown
O my god, this is bad lockdown is killing people.
Here in Scotland we were in tier 1 as of boxing Day we tier 4 lockdown for three weeks and people still believe it's about a virus
This is why people must not judge anyhow, we lost him already  RIP man😭💔 RT🔄🔁 and like❤️♥️  Lockdown 2.0 The federal Government Tradera Jupiter and Saturn #NengiXGenevieveMagazine 
And finally there was the couple of pieces I wrote on the Woodville Pizza Bar incident that, I'd like to think, shifted the dialogue from an attempt to pillory a migrant for an alleged "lie" and zeroed in on the structural failures around the SA lockdown.  
I can almost see costco from my house but haven’t been there since March.  To us, most of these places seeing restrictions for the lockdown have been out of bounds and will continue to be, so lock downs aren’t going to impact us a lot.
The lockdown isn’t designed to get rid of the virus. It’s designed to let the infection rate drop so the hospitals don’t get overrun with cases. Which the last lockdown did right.
Not too bad lockdown started today so I’m kinda happy lol more time for gaming and family ☺️😊 hbu how’s life 🤗
Lockdown one didn’t work, lockdown two didn’t work, but here comes lockdown three with absolutely no new ideas or approaches.
"An increase in transmissibility, will lead to many, many more deaths unless one increases the effectiveness of our control measures.”  Calls for national lockdown in England to curb spread of new Covid strain 
Ive never met a checkpoint coming into Galway, its always checkpoints on pointless roads that people in rural ireland use for neccesities and never big cities #lockdown
We don’t need their permission to open up. We don’t need their permission to ignore the lockdown nor the mask mandate. We must reclaim our liberty and start living as free men and women.
Or in Austin texas. Our mayor has stated SPECIFICALLY that “stay home and lockdown orders do not apply to the homeless”.
If Toronto, with all its super-entitled people, can handle this lockdown (which began Nov 23), then so can the rest of the province. If this disease is not brought under control, we'll be living like this for years. Every adult in this province has to grow the hell up.
So what kind of Secret Operation are you locking us away for now... Pipeline.. cause we apparently have vaccines so why the lockdown??? I Cant wait to watch You all Go Down... 
iirc, ontario alpine (go ahead, joke, but there are many lift towers in southern ontario) facilities have to be shut during the provincial lockdown from dec26-jan22.... yikes
Three top accomplishments: 1. Taught my students 2. Did the gardening 3. Survived Stage 4 lockdown (no more than 5km from my house, for one hour).
I’m a happening single girl who wants to live in NYC. Bedford Falls would feel like lockdown.
Why lockdown areas where the incidence of this ‘virus’ is low? Are you just a fan of blanket punishments? Because that’s all lockdowns are. The last two never worked and nor will a third, fourth or fifth. Time to accept it and move on.
The first lockdown was such a cursed period of time 
toronto is going on lockdown... i don’t even know what i’m gonna do now 🥺
More people died in January 2018 (64,000) from Flu than all of 2020's deaths with COVID19 (fabricated number = 45,000).  Weird right, no lockdown, restrictions or masks.
I thank God for taking my mom days before the lockdown.  At least I was with her at the end of her long journey with Alzheimer's.  🙏
thank u!!!! the pain of it but also the comfort that can be found in another person who understands
The second semester of lockdown is about to begin. Register for the course code  "Applied/forced introversion 102"
defense is where the real lockdown happens  1st in total yards, passing yards and passing TDs, yards per drive, points per drive, rushing and passing TDs  2nd in 1st downs, 3rd down %  3rd in points, rushing yards, drives per play, sacks, missed tackles
The only problem that I see with the op-Ed is no mention of hospital capacity issues. That’s the reason to lockdown. What do you think?
So a 3rd lockdown looms.. i may sound very angry but when it happens if any in   break restrictions that will be enforced on us&apologise AFTER d fact again..each &every1 of u should get ur p45. Im sacrificing my family here&my own life as are other  workers
Exactly. Last lockdown we had retail closed they had it open. This lockdown we have it open they have it closed, can’t fucking make it up
Congrats for what?  We kept our numbers low and still were put into lockdown.  It’s like winning a marathon but instead of being given a trophy you’re punched in the face.
often a complex situation is still best handled through simple measures.  A national lockdown is simple and effective, at least in public health terms.  A fractal map with Tier 4 embedded in Tier 2 breeds confusion and resentment.
My tourism colleagues are going to bed tonight wondering if they are facing up to a 4th lockdown.The supports in place are out of touch with the harsh realities that we face #WalkInOurShoes        
Lees & huiver: China’s Global Lockdown Propaganda Campaign 
As I face the reality of a #COVID19Ontario lockdown on #BoxingDay I need to find some constructive ways to occupy my time. I hope to put in some work with my photography side hustle and get some of my work ready for submissions to the iPhone Photography Awards.
Thank you for your service. One of our daughters is a critical care nurse. We've have had her three year old with us since the beginning of the lockdown.
6th April at most, I’m not having my bday in ANOTHER LOCKDOWN 
I will no longer be accepting “I’m glad Sydney are getting their comeuppance for making fun of us during lockdown.” joke. If this continues people will die. You know what it like. Don’t be a dick.
Would we need to vaccinate the whole country though? Wouldn't we able to reduce the strictness of the lockdown once those vulnerable to the rona have gotten the jab
Another lockdown, most draining thing ever 😴
Hospital Professionals recommend further restrictions in Halton  Modelling Scientists recommend a lockdown today  #BURLON's mayor (with experience   at an evangelical magazine, The Toronto Sun, and CTS) doesn't
I can never stay interested in fan fics um does anyone else have this problem 
Watching gogglebox episodes from march and seeing everyone shocked at the idea that we might have to be social distancing for a year feels surreal now that we're essentially in lockdown number 3
Also should of kept us in lockdown for the whole year we might aswell of not came out of it from the beginning n have 2 fuckin lockdowns 🤷🏼‍♂️
Hahhahaha be safe!  We are back on lockdown.
I met my bizarro (named Katrina) in Philly last time I was there, she’s 5’ tall brunette huge glasses, smokes 2 packs of Newports a day sounds 65 years old, and said the night before the lockdown she did blow off the back of a toilet at a bar called “The POPE”
Forget Jupiter and Saturn, the Federal Government, Tradera, Lockdown 2.0 .     Guess it’s time to go do some grocery shopping. A mouse hung itself inside our fridge and left a note “ can’t live like this no mo “ 😭😭 
A #lady sent me this #love song   This #lockdown must be extended. #Ladies have become very romantic. There will be many love marriages during #Covid19.  Except mine, because my #heart is dead. I am just a heartless #warrior!   #LadyR #Radhika18 
What would prefer a #SnowStorm or a Complete Lockdown? We personally think perhaps a #WinterStorm would work better than a #Lockdown. #ONStorm #Christmas - In any case, you can count on #TeleMeetUp, let everything runs virtually, if not in-person. 
😂😂 going into one lockdown didn’t work. So let’s go into another lockdown.   ... and another one  Oh and let’s panic about a “new” strain that Brazil had months ago.   Ct, you may want to read this Spanish gov paper.   Not pleasant reading  
During first lockdown I ran into an acquaintance by chance. I really enjoyed chatting with them in the street. Then I realised it would have been 'against the rules' to have arranged it. What utter tosh.
really took advantage of march-august lockdown wayyy too much
1. Had a baby in lockdown 2. Passed my driving test (first time) 3. Breastfed my daughter until she was 6 months old despite severely lacking professional support.
day 7 of lockdown 2.0: literally nothing happened lmao. i called with  and her cousin though, they bullied me 😔🤚🏼
I thought I would’ve had a call or text to tell me that. When I returned to NSW from SA during the very short lockdown I got a call.
I count myself lucky that I’m free of Abuse 10 yrs my heart is with those going into another lockdown with their abuser. Domestic abuse is everywhere please be vigilant ring    if you know someone needs help. Don’t wait you could save that persons life!
6. my £30 scooter off gumtree that i bought 2 days before the first lockdown who took me to supermarkets and picnics and everywhere. i lové her.
I’m so hug deprived that it’s this 🤏 close to not being funny anymore 
Why are doctors making policy decisions?  We never elected this guy.  Ford should listen to him, but at the same time listen to business leaders and come to a better decision than a lockdown.
And Stormont wondered why the Irish Govt didn't wait to speak to them. The public waited how many months for them to speak to each other? #COVID19 #Covid19Ireland #lockdown
it was fun to hear his music from ppls balconies every tuesday i think, during the first month of lockdown
I’m not even mad about going on lockdown again. Hibernation is where it is at!!!
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and Happy Lockdown! 
It’s the blaming Trudeau out of the gate, but giving everyone 5 more days to rush out and spread the virus before “lockdown” for me.... 🤦‍♀️
I am sure it is more than just the lockdown rules. Our politicians, both D and R, have shown what they really are destroying the US while lining their own pockets.
An updated photo of the Original 6 after hearing about the Province wide lockdown earlier today! 
pointless closing for some pupils on 25th jan, towards end and past lockdown is wrong, and only done to protect transfer. Close for first week to get numbers down and let teachers give predicted grades for transfer. Good enough for uni. Or let P7s & exams return 1st
Oh, so sorry to hear that! It's weird but even though I'm on annual leave, it's giving me something productive to do in lockdown 😅
I think we are pretty much there on an FTA but that doesn’t even begin to solve GB’s customs problems. And yeah lockdown has been a killer!
Really missing the scorching sexual tension you share with every person your age on public transport. Of all the things that lockdown has taken from us, our train girlfriends and bus boyfriends is surely the cruellest of all.
thats why we have this preventive measure of lockdown.
On any other day, this would be a monumental realization. Unfortunately, here, it's in the context of so many layers of self-parodying own, it will never be found. #Oregon #lockdown #protests 
The #secondwave of #COVID19 in Nigeria is the actual first wave.  The first wave na vibes and cruise. Unfortunately, no one seem to take the pandemic serious even as total #lockdown looms.
Today’s No10 conference alluded to the need for tighter measures, I think we are less than a week away from National lockdown.
My neighbours think #COVID19 is fake and merely part of a #conspiracy to reset the world's economy by eliminating the middle class. So who's crazy? Them? Or me for thinking they're crazy? #TheGreatReset #coronavirus #lockdown
IM GOING TO EXPLODE IM NOT EVEN PREPARED TO BE DISAPPOINTED YET
Schitts Creek and The Last Kingdom - Utred of Bebbanberg and Moira Rose saw me through the lockdown!
I go through phases! I’ve really tried to pick it back up this year, as I was in rough spot and it really helped me since the first lockdown. Start with novellas or short stories :) you could try audiobooks maybe? I personally found getting a Kindle helped me!
To go FUCKING WHERE?!  The UK is on lockdown. People are still losing family members  thanks to the Thanksgiving purge.  Pay them to STAY HOME. Ugh.  The US and these dumbass corporations do the LEAST. 
Definitely. She definitely has a lockdown haircut!!
Yes :) I make fidget jewellery. Started during first lockdown and been successful so far. Now my full time job and income xx
When England was put into lockdown 2 at the start of November, this is how much the new covid strain had already spread through the country 
I thought we'd passed that earlier this year with the twice argued Auckland-is-the-only-city-in-NZ garbage during lockdown.
Yes, it’s the hard lockdown that did the heavy lifting. Also, our new system hasn’t been tested the same way as NSW’s system has.
What did you do for others this Christmas?   “I volunteered in a homeless shelter.”   “I cooked dinner for my elderly neighbour.”  Lockdown luuvies: “I stood in my driveway and rang a bell.”   Wankers.
What exactly must the government do?? How are highly virulent and so called asymptomatic spread related? What happens after another lockdown or whatever you say the government must do?
What the whaaaaa?! I don’t think that’s true no lol. Altho I’m ok with the sex shops being open part haha. But I’ve heard nothing about full lockdown. Not in NS anyway.
Dear god, we're all lockdown, our elders are locked in and receiving piss poor 'care'. What is the country being ruined for exactly? 
If the allegation is true that Govt scientists were aware of this new Covid strain in October but held back that info in order to lockdown Xmas, they need to be sacked. And if you were aware, you need to resign. It's that serious. So what is the truth?  
I haven’t claimed more people are dying through lack of NHS care , I have said the effects of lockdown out weigh the illusory benefits .  Those people died with lockdown in place.  Plus on top of that 26,000 people died at home.  Lockdiwn saved no one but killed plenty.
Even if it wasn't a Christmas lockdown, it would still damage livelihoods.  A lockdown is a lockdown, no matter what time of the year it is.
I'm a teacher so very very lucky to have a secure job. As are the people who wrote this tweet. All those in the private sector find themselves with jobs that may not be here in 2021 when furlogue ends around April. This lockdown is so so destructive and harmful.
Alberta is under lockdown as well, and we're headed into lockdown in Ontario until January 21st.   It's a sticky situation, I wouldn't be surprised if the start of the season is postponed.
When the Lecturers resume classes after the Lockdown! 😁.. "Lockdown 2.0" #Lockdown2 #JupiterandSaturn #lockdown2020 ... 
I told everybody they were foolish to accept any #lockdown back in March. I told them that it was a trick. Somebody told me it was "just an inconvenience" for a few weeks. I said, "You are a damned fool!" Did the 15 days end yet? Liar. Murderer. #Communist
Now that there is Lockdown 2.0 due to the #secondwave of COVID-19.  I promise to spend my money wisely on women.
Lockdown 2.0 ke...I'm not emotionally ready for this...where will I naw see bwezz😭😭😭
All my appointment CANCELLED because of this bumboclot lockdown (yes I had to bring out the Jamaican in me)
cant wait.. maybe a new years eve ad showing a big party at a local bar chugging beer and dancing at midnight .. right in the middle of a provincial lockdown. After watching their maskless tv ad with santa and all, nothing would shock me.
I got the Myles Starter Set at the beginning of lockdown and it seriously cured my attitude about doing my own 😅
Booked for what I am hoping turns out to be an unnecessary MRI for January 3rd at 2:45AM. I’m half expecting it to be cancelled because of the lockdown but what’s with the 2AM appointment?
How is people who aren't American singing about lockdown a point, sorry?
Fascinating. The feds have urged provinces to lockdown swaths of the Canadian business community with even lower rates of COVID spread. 
Good job I made a veg patch in lockdown 1.0. Broccoli and Brussels sprouts have come on nicely ready for Xmas dinner. If anyone wants any kale though, let me know! #plantedtoomuch 
#tier5 Lockdown means you can only discuss what you'll do after quarantine is over on Tuesdays, and only after 4PM.
When you see a picture like this it puts things into prospective, I bet they’d of given anything to of been in a lockdown than stuck in a trench. #lockdown #CovidChristmas #stopcomplaining #StaySafe #thinkyourselflucky #hope nothing compares to the amount of this loss 
if y'all see me on here beat my ass i have to do some *cringes* conlanging before my mom get home
Anyone else refusing to go to xmas dinner! perhaps on a self impose lockdown due to #covid mutation. Love to hear.x
A couple of more weeks’ lockdown and  the virus was eliminated? Really?
Everyone on snap: what’s happening for New Years?? Me: lockdown cause of the Halloween parties you had bitch 🙄
'i do resent that your bizarre complexion is more suited to black clothes than me' thank you finally someone is speaking the truth
Micheál Martin: a second lockdown will let us enjoy a meaningful Christmas  COVID: 
Lockdown in Ontario? No problem...my Boomer upbringing has me covered. I bought a cupboard of this stuff a few weeks back while it was on sale. Loved it as a kid and love it now! #ParrySound #COVID19Ontario #lockdownontario 
Unfortunately due to the lockdown I won't be able to celebrate Christmas with my extended family. Which also means they won't have the opportunity to question me on why I'm not married yet. Always look for the positive in the negative 😄
Despite UK lockdown WHO, Israel, and Saudi Arabia declare new Covid mutation not deadly and vaccine effective 
So funny.  He was a total legend throughout the first lockdown too 👏👏👏
Here is our statement regarding Durham Region's lockdown and the impact it has on Abilities Centre. Rest assured, we will get through this together! 
we just be going out of one lockdown and into another..
so I wanted to buy a shitton of mangas on the Eve bc I was getting paid so I suspected a lockdown coming - but they announced yesterday that they were locking down on the 24th, AND MY MOM TOOK MOTHERFUCKING PITY ON ME !! (I gotta pay her back but yanno) 
must use that crystal ball Bullwinkle the Moose used to use when he says this coming lockdown is " a one time thing".  Hopefully it is not as inaccurate as his frequent utterances "We are flattening the curve"    
phil showing off the nasa vans that dan got for his birthday last year 
They do in England but sometimes like the last lockdown under 5s don’t count but only Louis under 5
When do we get to secret shop Tim Walz and Keith Ellison?  Would it even matter?    The mask and lockdown fanatics would praise them for whatever unconstitutional things they were doing.
They didn't cure it. They just took the word "lockdown" seriously. If an infected person meets noone for 14 day, the virus is gone there. No possibility to infect anyone.
With the lockdown coming I’m really going to miss all of the Boxing Day stabbing, shooting, and fighting over 99 cent socks.
There is no path to a good or healthy economy with COVID zero. You don't need a textbook or a class to figure it out.  Unless you're a "scientist" of the lockdown lobby
I bet the lockdown has caused more suicides & overdoses
Then hurry the fuck up with it. It’s spreading fast so lockdown fast. It’s not rocket science! 
Sorry but those people face the same risk every single winter from respiratory illnesses. And they will face the same risks every winter from covid now.  Not an excuse to plunge millions into poverty by extending and deepening lockdown.
Full national lockdown is point 5. To be honest, if the preceding points were in place, I'd take it. 
I'm sorry. Van Morrison and Eric Clapton have been a constant source of joy and inspiration to me all my life. But with their anti lockdown single they are behaving like twats. The lyrics - "Is this a sovereign country or a police state?" are embarrassing. Sad!
Lock our border so that we don't have to go into full lockdown 2.0 . Because trust me Nigeria will not survive it
Just now got more news on the lockdown l am in due to Covid..  I have to remain at home for a minimum of 30:days.  I can’t leave,l can’t have visitors or take out.
And another thing how the hell does matt Hancock get away with spending £50.000 on bloody takeaways over the first lockdown  Nobody said anything besides (Kate burley...& she really didn't press him on it...
Most of our congregation lives in rooming houses or shelters and are on the edge of returning to substance abuse. They cannot connect online, and need personal support. 4 weeks will literally kill us. We will see death from this lockdown.
While Americans struggle and they force us into lockdown and don’t let us work . The. Sign a bill that doesn’t go to the people but don’t worry $600 is for us out of 900 billion #StimulusBill #StimulusChecks
Agree that there is a lot of hyperventilation however I really would prefer our Xmas plans not being ruined like those in NB have had to endure. Even NSW excellent contact tracing hasn't stopped all of NB heading into lockdown
I’m like oh yay no lockdown bc I will off myself but also like no what the fuck we need a proper lockdown it’s so conflicting people are literally dying
Did the FG contact NCDC before making their lockdown rules? NCDC is made up intelligent public health experts. Surely, they won’t have advised for a blanket ban?
Thank you had a lovely curry 😋 Could be the last one for a while...next lockdown won’t be far away! Merry Christmas to you lovely guys have a safe one 🎄🎅🏼😊
cold wet COVID lockdown UK but feeling thoroughly satisfied at completing The Night Of. Thank you for your brilliant performance. The eczema, the cat, the wisdom! But that closing argument - not sure I took a breath. Thank you.
Shebi another Lockdown is loading already, you go Sleep tire bro
Fuck off, I actually baked 70 cupcakes and 90 cookies today. Wow 😩 from a lockdown business to this
So why did ON change the lockdown gate from 24th to 26th? I'm getting confused.
She refused to take responsibility on it. I made my points but I can’t bend anyone’s mind. So I’ll take my blame for today. I’ll fix myself and then I’ll have no mercy   Mwahahahaha 
someone just offered to let me record a cover of a song with his professional mic and oof i want this lockdown to be over so i can go do that🥺
Did they get it wrong? It seems they were brought in to prioritize money, they provided advice which allowed businesses to open during the busy Christmas shopping period which was the main priority of coming out of lockdown for the gov.
Kd people are doing all they can, not to be lockdown again, but I'm sure Elrufai will lock them.
I hope that they are. I certainly don't want NSW or any other state to have to go through a lockdown like we did. I'm just not convinced yet that 4 or so days of testing is enough to make a call on how things are going to play out.
Once it takes off it really takes off. Brighton wasn't doing too badly for a time. I think T4 (effectively lockdown) is inevitable everywhere so they might as well get on with it right after Xmas. Pointless pretending we're going to keep being lucky down here
people that still see their friends inside during a lockdown, grow tf up.
The UK right now: a mutant strain of COVID-19 is spreading rapidly, prompting strict lockdown and dozens of countries to close the border to Britain... And Brexit, with its new border rules, is less than 2 weeks away. 
Why are People wearing masks and consenting to lockdown would be my question. Look around, most everyone believes it.
OMG SAME, ever since our lockdown my sleeping schedule TANKED 😩
Give business' more Covid welfare, lockdown. Repeat. Give business' more Covid welfare, lockdown. Repeat. Blame others. Repeat. 
seems like i’m the only one that doesn’t care if there’s another lockdown 💀
I have saved this page.  It will assist me as I endeavor a campaign for the removal of complacent, lazy, NONAmerican individuals within my GREAT State of Texas.   continues to hold semi- lockdown upon Texans for NO reason.  I’m done with simply believing people are 
That series was the best I’ve ever seen Harden defended. Idk why no other team has even attempted that kind of lockdown again. It was almost comedy watching them kick it out to the corner 6 times in a row trying to get an open shot lol.
Lockdowns should be extended through 2021 to save lives from the flu & speed limits should be reduced to 20k - every death must be avoided at all costs. This is the absurd logical outcome of the lockdown strategy. It is intellectual & moral madness. 
Haha Arteta has defeated you. Tbh I probably will still keep watching, I’m too bored in lockdown not to and I’m committed to stick with them whatever. Tbh I only try to go on Twitter after half time and full time for the comedy value.
It's one that rarely gets old! Rewatched it during lockdown (as far as season 4 however) and the amount I missed the first time round! :)
Heinz ‘Lockdown Lovebaby’ swag for infants conceived at start of quarantine goes out of stock, again   
This is to deflect from the criticism that his government shld have started the lockdown before not after Christmas. Discouraging for health are workers and health and ignores advice from OHA
Didn’t the last lockdown come as a result of GAA celebrations...
And I worked all through lockdown and it doesn't matter what "TIER" I'm in I have to work coz I'm a #keyworker, NOT APPRECIATED 🚛🚛🚛🚛
recap of my year :'( jan- started last year at intermediate feb- had a good time, went into lockdown mar-june- had online classes until irl jul- drama happened aug- got w Kobie sep- made new friends oct- me and Kobie split, I got w Trent nov- twin siblings turned 5-
my entire province is going back into lockdown until the end of january 🤠 not that i do anything anyways but rip to my chances of getting a job in the new year or going to the gym for one of the timed 50 minute slots 💔
Don’t vote on this bill that gives millions not to American citizens but that other countries. Both political parties should be ashamed of themselves! Get back and give money to the out of work Americans you forced to lockdown!!
A lovely man died in wk3 of first lockdown.  Mid 50s, good health, London commuter, worked up until lockdown.....left a devastated wife and teenage daughters.  It’s real 😢
Time to dismiss the ayatollah and the #nphet mullahs. They have been completely inept. Their solution to everything is another lockdown.
Could’ve been in New York right now but issa lockdown 😤
to vendo a season2 de the umbrella academy finalmente e decreto ben e klaus hargreeves lockdown
You don't advise your brother the president?  Do you forget in a hurry what happened to Nigerians during the last lockdown?? You don't value your citizens, yiu don't care about them.... you are only doing this for embezzlement of funds
I will politely disagree. This lockdown needs to be a joint effort to protect as many people as possible.
The fact that I really thought  would impose a lockdown throughout December and keep the same energy with Christmas as he did with Diwali
1. Gave birth to my sweet daughter in the middle of a pandemic 2. Became Catholic 3. Kept a toddler happy and healthy in lockdown 
My Ea Play ran out and i cant afford to renew it because of Lockdown in the UK and Christmas so i can no longer play on my PC account, so if you ever have one of those going spare it would be appreicated no end
If we committed to a stricter version of lockdown, could we not all celebrate with our chosen//families (those who remain covid free) in person in 4 wks time? Can’t the economy sleep four weeks? If the science checks out, I say  #taxtherich #letushibernate
No surprise, but the provincial lockdown announced today will suspend standardbred racing  To help compensate, Mohawk will have a doubleheader of two racing programs on Wednesday.
Will there still be curbside pick up during the lockdown (with exception of holidays of course)?
My province just announced lockdown starting dec 25th so atleast I’ll have   ,   ,  &   to watch over lockdown
What will happen if you get recalled? You and labour will all support this nonsense!!! And call on him to lockdown more!!! Agenda is clear, you are pushing for lockdowns so in 12 months time you can blame Brexit which we can all see is a lie!!!
Exactly :)) I also feel like obvs people r gonny eat out when it’s all ur allowed to do for short periods of time and at this point we aw know we’re coming in and out of lockdown every two minutes
Any idea if you'll be eliminating the service fee for same day printing now that ON will be going into lockdown soon? Wouldn't make much sense in a $2.99/fee just to print a few 12 cent pages.
Blue Lives Don’t Matter to these Right-Wing, Anti-Lockdown protesters in Salem, Oregon. Where is the outrage, now? #fuckers 
It should have been announced on Friday that the lockdown would start Saturday.
Not me thinking a change of scenery would better my crippling mental health and then having to come home to Wales in a full lockdown.  I’ve gone from being sat in an apartment by myselfall day to being sat in my old bedroom by myself all day. 
No one would know the result before the dice stop spinning.   To be lockdown or not to be lockdown. All a gamble. Winning if turned out good, otherwise, losing. Wears a mask, more or less, would cut down the spreading & help the situation.
Restaurants are mostly take out anyways at this point. Lockdown won’t change this. Definitely calling BS on this excuse!
I personally don't care what you do bruh. Up to you how many times you get fined. Also up to ppl like you how long this lockdown continues. Keep fighting that "noble" fight 👍 
So, Deb, what's your hypothesis on what caused the turnaround in cases in Israel after lockdown?  Magic? 
I just wanna say to everyone this year , thank you for everything, 2020 has been horrible this year with COVID going round the world and being in lockdown for 6 months and everyone has pulled through it🤍 Thank you   
I’m unsure the relevance? Lockdown is due to spread, not deaths.
why TF do irls never text back bro what yall doing we literally in lockdown
During the lockdown, it was difficult to generate this feeling.
Awww thank you Sandy 💚 Lockdown hair 🤣 no hairdressers, lots of conditioner and no hairdryer!
EDM twitter has exposed so many people during quarantine like can you imagine how much longer it would’ve been if we weren’t on lockdown & getting away w shit even longer. So that’s a brightside to quarantine & when we rave again we’ll be a little bit safer. 
If I see another tiktok of someone flying out to Dubai, DURING LOCKDOWN, I’m going to jump into the Thames
I think we can agree maybe in one point. That a cause of the suffering is the lack of sensible mitigation. Lockdown is a wrecking ball attempt to mitigate. I'd be interested in what you think should be done to mitigate
Thank YOU for making all this lockdown less stressful with your music❤️ 
The soft lockdown of the NB has been done because of the time of year to try and knock it down even faster. This should have given states enough comfort to not ruin Christmas plans for tens of thousands of others who have nothing to do with the NB
Going out in restaurants & bars or planning road trips to the USA all sound great, but I would rather stay inside my home and wait until the lockdown is over so we can *all* go on with our lives before 2022 🖤
There is no new 'deadly mutant' strain of coronavirus. There are no more deaths than in a normal winter. Viruses mutate naturally all the time. Government/MSM fear-mongering propaganda is grossly irresponsible. We must end this destructive and unnecessary lockdown.
Your tweets are the best. It’s almost worth having to live with covid just to read your tweets mocking the cattle Covid lockdown cult. 👊🏾👊🏾
Thus proving that this is all a hoax and a new lockdown is NOT NEEDED. LYING POLITICIANS. They've declared open season on all of us. The French Revolution had a lot of great ideas. We need to revisit them. #StopTheLockdowns 
He's done an anti-lockdown, anti-mask song with Eric Clapton
I don’t think I can mentally take a tier 4 lockdown, they should of handle this right from the start, or the second time, or the third time.
Ah, I see. Yea I could see how the death of his child could push him to be anti lockdown, this pandemic is causing a lot of people to buckle mentally. Especially when their government just strait up abandons them.
It's all bullshit the lockdown should end now.
nooo lmao it’s the level of lockdown boris johnson has but each county in, 1 is the lowest and 5 is the highest 
Mine too... will be even better when we are out of lockdown...
The COVID lockdown in Ontario is a fraud.  Last week 64,000 international travelers arrived at Pearson.   Same the week before and before that. This week 64,000 more will arrive and the week after etc. No COVID tests, self quarantine on the honor system  
favour GTA wide lockdowns   so the premier (who didn't complete his education and inherited his business man title) starts a lockdown 5 days from now 
The delay in the lockdown will cause a spike in cases along with death.  Economy comes first with     Listen to the doctors.   
i'm at that stage of lockdown where I buy a 27-month subscription to a VPN so I can use the Italian version of the iplayer (which is incredible, by the way - there's TV programmes going back to the '50s and hundreds of films - call me when this is over)
So it's happening again that information regarding possible lockdown that has not yet been agreed on is being circulated again and sending people into a panic AGAIN
Eboy went to a lockdown wedding last week 
We opened resto in Feb and this  is the second lockdown since opening 10 months ago. It became obvious last week that  it's coming. Looked wifey in the  eyes and we both smiled for no reason. Think we have become hardened.  What extra ordinary times we all  living in.
I’m pro lockdown but these just don’t make sense to me. I don’t understand the inter county travel and never have the virus can’t get to you in a car why does it matter if you’re visiting 4 people in your county or another one 
i might handle anything life throws at me right now expect for a second lockdown fr
But that's the default setting for NPHET. They wont accept responsibility for the increase in presentations for Anxiety and Mental health, or increased domestic violence. Lockdown is not without negative consequence.
Maybe I’m overthinking this but emailing me during the middle of a pandemic & lockdown about a new sports league called the “EXPOSURE” program is... probably not a good look 🤔
please wish Harrison a happy Christmas because he’s been shielding since Lockdown 1 in March and you guys have kept him going x Merry Christmas xx
GOV CUOMO-3 The smoke & fire parable made the point sought here. The West altogether failed to keep an early lockdown to really flatten the COVID curve. Business demanded to reopen.         
If you're actually following covid rules this lockdown wouldn't affect you anyways
And moving into "smart cities" which rely entirely on a strong internet connection and the 5g was being installed while we were all on lockdown but I'm sure it's just coincidence 🙄
Really?! You think the virus has vanished from Vic for good? The only way is complete global isolation which has already been compromised. Once impact assessment showing socioeconomic cost of lockdown is released this blind obsession with lockdown is irresponsible
I want to play other games than only league  Want to go outside way more often when coid and the lockdown are gone or not dangerous anymore   (Lockdown in Berlin) Climb to plat
You must have had your head buried in the sand then, every time there's a lockdown cases fall. Australia's lockdowns worked very well, New Zealand has defeated the virus twice and China has also suppressed the virus very well. All with lockdowns.
At minimum schools are a contributing factor. With “lockdown” in TO and numbers continuing to rise, it is impossible to ignore. Instead of denying this likelihood in order to support your party’s narrative,  recognize it, adapt and move forward to keep everyone safe /2
So what if we travel for the holidays then get stuck due to Lockdown 2.0?
Is the US economy closed? I don’t know anywhere on lockdown, not even LA with 0% ICU capacity
The world is in lockdown mr. Bright Light 💡. So you think you know better. Well  : YOU DON’T!
I'm finding the South Wales results baffling. Extended Lockdown 1, Caerphilly into extra measures in September, circuit breaker and now 'Tier 4' - yet cases resolutely remain around 600+ / 100,000. Surely everyone has had it by now, at those rates!
It appears America is already too far gone. Only a TOTAL country wide lockdown will do any good now. Maybe too late anyway...
Ta. It's only because of the lockdown that I managed to sit and watch Wyatt Earp and Silverado.
They have done nothing wrong. Dutton is using them as his example to the rest of the world that we are a RWNJ of a country. The same as with the asylum seekers in lockdown 
Ford ignored warnings from hospitals and public health in Oct that a second wave was coming.  Instead of acting with a limited roll back he did nothing.  A lockdown wasn't inevitable if there was leadership.  He failed the test and we all lose.
Many seniors are still under lockdown at assisted living facilities and haven’t  gotten word they’re on the radar. Let them have it first, if they choose along with frontline workers so they can live their lives without the added stress. 
fuck i can't sleep my brain is going too fast once again
and no one seems to have ever looked for a cure for that. I'll regret saying this but the lockdown, the flu jab, masks or something so far has seen me not catch a cold in 2020. Or is it just a coincidence?
75 min north of Toronto we are currently over crowded with people with Toronto license plate decals. If only the original lockdown was a true lockdown, not a “let’s go elsewhere” event, it might have actually helped to curb the spread
Nobody stopped cancer treatments "to save the NHS". Some cancer treatments were stopped to save those individuals from covid.  Lockdown was to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed.
while liberals pat their backs saying we gave Americans each $600 to help get out of debt from 9 months of lockdown!  Hurray !!
Put me in a tier 4 lockdown in Britain bru get me outta this country Jesus 
And now for some more Vegas Adventure pics with   Man, I love being in lockdown with you bo. You are by far the best quarantine partner EVER. Can't wait for our next adventure! @ Las Vegas, NV 
I feel like that too tonight... Its so hard facing another lockdown. And I'm very lucky and grateful for what I have but I was looking forward to seeing family over the coming weeks
I had tickets to see the theatre show in April but Lockdown #1 put paid to that. Doubt it will be returning unless  knows differently and would like to share his greater knowledge with me.
Terrible Precedents:  The 1934 NFA  Obama The first lockdown 
Don’t worry. Flights from China can still come in because the ‘lockdown’ isn’t about health and safety.
Day 279. Didn’t really think I’d still be doing this when we started self-isolating back in March, just before lockdown 1.0. We got out for a walk this afternoon and delivered some Christmas cards to local friends. The kids have (voluntarily) played the piano a lot. 
Some of us can’t deal with another lockdown, have a bit of sense for your country, you’re in charge, stop accepting all NPHET recommendations, do what’s best for the country and the population if there’s a vaccine on the way!
I've been a good boy this entire lockdown.
Lockdown birthday wasn’t too bad 🥂🥳 Here’s to 31! 
5 days before lockdown doesn't mean 5 days of covid-free fun. Please be responsible and limit non-essential outings/risks. 
We're going into full lockdown and not even $10,000 fines are stopping people in my city from gathering. What selfish bullshit is this.
I think post lockdown we'll have already passed the highest risk period (usual flu season is Nov/Dec, and that's when we have our usual ritual get togethers). Plus more and more vaccines getting out there.
Why hasn’t Dan put the state in stage 4 lockdown yet Rohan? You can never do stuff too quickly.  Why hasn’t he mandated masks on the beach oh wait you don’t have those.
i just got this notification (i have your notifs on jo 😩😩) and i couldnt agree more
Lockdown lovers will have a big surprise when they realise all of a sudden millions are unemployed and the Uk is bankrupt ... 2021 will be much worse than 2020
Lockdowns don't work and we're realised that after all this time. All you lockdown zealots and covid cultists are getting very boring now and we're laughing at you, especially creating fake accounts and being too scared to have a profile photo and use your real name.
Didn't realise Tom wasn't going to be with the rest of McFly. Are Doug, Harry and Danny not in the lockdown area or something & Tom is?
They are beautiful. And providing such colour at this time of year is wonderful. I think I might have to buy one before our new lockdown begins.
fr doe i had accepted the fact that we were goin into lockdown everywhere on christmas eve but.. then mr ford had to move that shit to START on my BIRTHDAY?? nah that's a personal attack
The WHO have said no to lockdown because it can only hurt the poorest in society  The knock on effect of Europe destroying herself is mass starvation in Africa   So if you stay home you don't save lives! Quite the horrific opposite  Makes Bob Geldof look sensible
Ah cant get out of NSW - had 80 cases in last 4 days i think but hopefully today is under 20. Northern beaches is in tier 3 lockdown but fingers crossed in a month we go back to no cases. Yes we have that strain flown in! But not out in the community.
I agree. A 14 day lockdown wouldn’t have been as demoralizing as the full four weeks. It’s preventive, but there will be plenty of time to reassess the numbers in early January.
Nothing should be open ! We should be on complete lockdown. 7pm-6 am curfew. Bring in the military to control the streets. Get caught outside you get your ass spanked with a fly swatter
hard times with brexit and lockdown   #KKWHoliday   £xavelha
Ours haven't been lab tested yet . . . They're in lockdown 😬 
Fuck Doug Ford and Fuck lockdown and Fuck Covid! I am exhausted from this shit!
Well said. Rules like these are the reason why we needed such a wide lockdown. Even without breaking the rules we are still accelerating the spread and have been for months. 
The Anti-Lockdown movements are beginning!  The Constitution Matters!!! 
As stated. 3 Wrongs do not make a right. What do we do with next mutation, and the next, and the one after that? Lockdown, lockdown, lockdown?  Not realistic. Not what we need or want. Not healthy. Move funds into health and LTC, vs handouts, and open up the province.
So, Oregon Rioters protesting the lockdown, are allowed to carry guns, break stuff and cause chaos? But peaceful protests are met with Tear Gas, Rubber Bullets, and people getting beat up?  Man, America is a trash country that needs some serious fixing. ASAP.
Owk Now let's assume the strike would be suspended tomorrow.  Lockdown 2.0 will be starting next week 😂🤣 omo I don dey keep telling you guys ankare boko fa 😂🤣
When Toronto and Peel went into lockdown, people went to York Reg., then Hamilton Reg. when York went into lockdown. People are heading to Niagara to dine, shop, stay in hotels, etc. now that Hamilton is in lockdown..  My info may be incorrect but just..ugh.
I can’t believe we’re in lockdown during December. But then again there’s a new strain of Covid, so I’d rather be safe than sorry.
If you factor in lockdown triggered deaths & the future adverse impact of economic problems, there’s a wider perspective.
There's a surprise. January lockdown. People have been saying that was the plan for months. No idea what the motivation is but it's evil and malign.  Whitty says Covid hospital cases could match April peak by New Year
The channel 4 guy wanting the whole country in tier 4 with the addition of tier 4+ 🙈 The longer the journo’s can push the gov to lockdown the more news it sells now. And the worse the economic damage becomes, again giving them months of material to report on.
So you think the French  shouldn't lockdown transits from the UK's top Tier 4 area? i.e follow Johnson's Clark Kent spectacles idea?  
President-Elect LockDown will be present for 60 days. CornPop gonna fail a 3rd time at being president. Where's Hunter? 🤔😁
Ballyinahinch needs it to be fair, but Cookstown is now beyond a joke. Only good thing about lockdown will be journey time through Cookstown.
If the government was following the scientific advice or being guided by it we would have stayed in the first #lockdown until the R number was 0. We came out too soon. That's why we are in this mess at Christmas. That and the idiots who can't follow simple rules.
So when are you heading to Florida? Why don’t you lockdown the airports, that’s how this starts anyways right 🤔
Oh sure, NYPD getting rid of its plainclothes unit was the issue. Definitely not the pandemic, the end of lockdown, skyrocketing unemployment, or George Floyd’s murder reminding Americans that the police exist to choke them to death and not prevent violence. 
That’s a good way of looking at it!! Plus if there’s another lockdown I don’t have to have the awkward convos with people who want to visit 😬  Postpartum box is a great business idea! Chocolate and a face mask would go down a treat 😍
When all is said and done, far more deaths will be attributed to the lockdown than to the virus.
Why? It saved thousands of jobs and the virus doesn’t spread as much during hot weather - cases were low then as well - you rather we had a ten month full lockdown and ten million unemployed? Not very clever is it?
First world problems, don’t give me balls...but I feel like I was just getting back into a really good gym routine and now we’re going back into lockdown and I’m worried my progress is going to be lost even though it’s only 2 weeks (so far) 😩
The #OliverSeanBand have to stay apart for a few more days due to the Lockdown rules, so I’ll be performing sol at the 23rd Dec #GarageSession - Join me #LIVE right here at 5PM GMT @ Power of Your Mind 
In these horrible times all we can do is ___>> 'Let life roll on' As we have no other choice. #lockdown #Creative #lockdownchristmas #PositiveVibes 🎄🙏💚 
Hard to believe that a little over a year ago we were on the Nile cruise in Egypt having fun, today we are under total lockdown. Never would have fathomed it then. 
Yeah same! But hairdressers have to close? I just think none of the recommendations even make sense anymore either lockdown or don’t but half measures won’t work
28 day lockdown beginning on December 26th.  As much as it sucks, it could have been prevented.  Hopefully this time... shakes fist!
Tory the Totalitarian wants Ford to toughen up the lockdown, so he doesn't have to do it and take the heat from Torontonians,
I had tickets to see it at the cinema in November but then we went back in to lockdown. It got rescheduled to January and now we're in lockdown again! But I hope to get to it soon.
So it's been confirmed for a provincial wide lockdown. I'm honestly curious how that's going to work.
I've been in a Level 5 lockdown since March ... like, this isn't ending until the virus is gone. Level 1 or Level 5 it's all GD lockdowns. 
Hi Charlie been watching since March, when I found you. So, I’m just North Toronto Canada. My husband construction contractor went to HOME DEPOT- told December 26(our LOCKDOWN BEGINS) will not take credit/ debit cards cash only,QFS ?? Any intel pls🙏🏻
let all the big companies make their money and then puts us on lockdown.  You see? 👀
These guys just dey do lockdown and Inshaa Allah. Make them do proper job eradicate this COVID abeg.
Can't have family members visit during lockdown but can go to work with 750 other workers under th same roof does that make sense?
He wait people to start dropping dead like flies before he started lockdown. And his rules for lockdown made no sense to anybody. So yes, I do blame him
I'm pretty sure John Mulaney was already sober, so it's very funny to think of him deciding to get back into coke during lockdown.
It’s not the deaths that have us in lockdown. It’s the test positivity rates that translate into Covid occupied hospital beds! At least that’s what Mb Chief Med Officer says!🤷🏼‍♂️ #cdnpoli 
The highest that will happen is to keep the fans away from the stadiums....there’s a lockdown in UK currently and football is still ongoing.
The thought of another lockdown is already deteriorating my mental health I genuinely cannot do it again, getting up and going out for the day is currently the only thing keeping me going atm like pls no
A large crowd should gather outside Holohan's home and stay there day and night: give him a feel for just how upsetting an unwished for lockdown can ofttimes be
How we answers why there's a four day delay between now and lockdown first? 
says “thousands of lives at stake” & “always listen to healthcare professionals” Complete lies and joke!!! Wait 5 days to do lockdown & not follow what recent modelling indicated necessary.  is a complete joke with no credibility. #FordfailedOntario
Worried bout my friends in Salem, Oregon with these supremacist an anti-lockdown assholes are out in force assaulting the press ;(
The briefing was about the virus not Brexit. Peston is one of the Pratt’s who always goes off agenda, whereas most others were concerned about the spread of the virus and the border lockdown. 
how is anyone still being "surprised" that families stuck at home during a mass lockdown are more likely to rent something that everyone can enjoy together than a movie that even film snobs didn't like?
It is also the same guy that didn't think the lockdown rules that his modelling triggered applied to him.
Lockdown now ..... thought you people were also following UK with the tier system
maybe it‘s because i‘m in quarantine again idk... i remember when i we had the first lockdown in my country and i also had trouble sleeping
Multiple regions do not meet the lockdown rationalle ....
Atleast my birthday wasn’t during lockdown 🙃
“Lockdown in Ontario”... You can buy clothes at Costco and Walmart.... You can’t buy clothes at Marks Work Warehouse. Right. Never mind SMALL businesses. It’s a joke. Not a lockdown. 
And by the way - those guys aren't "anti-lockdown protesters." They're terrorists. Plain and simple. TERR. OR. ISTS. Terrorists. That's what they are. White people not only can be terrorists, 99% of the time, THEY ARE.
It is good, cases less than 200, everything back normal Shops and restaurants are opened. the last lockdown was in May, just wearing masks. and The government starts the vaccine plan (phase 1 ) a week ago.
I think he was. gonna announce immediate lockdown and either forgot, or bottled it. Schapps /Green is vile though, innit?
You do know what the guidelines are right now right? There are definitely changes with the lockdown lol
Boris will announce a national lockdown on Christmas day after they've made enough money from shops
Lockdown as of December 26th. Sounds about right. It had to be done. :( 
The only time these anti-lockdown protesters wear a mask is when they are intimidating and law-braking! 
While I agree late is better than never, the Provinces own data shows that in the worst case scenario another 45,000 Ontarians will become infected by delaying the Lockdown until Boxing Day! 🤬  
Just my opinion.... wear masks and open up completely or lockdown and don’t. I live in a state where they want it both ways! People are losing lives and livelihoods because of COVID not from it!
Well I pray it’s $1200 a month because of one time $1200 is it going to take care of us throughout this whole lockdown until next year somebody needs to think about that if they’re on Capitol Hill the people are real sick of Capitol Hill we don’t trust them at all
January, February, won’t you come around? Respiratory disease party time. Full six to eight week lockdown is the only answer, including schools.
Eric Clapton's anti-lockdown protest song by Van Morrison?   Make your mind up! Whose is it?!
we had got put on lockdown bc a white girl was messin her mom came to get it and nobody could find out... momma showed out bc she wasn’t answering & suppose to be at school.. come to find out she getting dick in the bathroom by the gym where nun works at fr 🤣
My 10 week old puppy needs some serious puppy training, she doesn’t understand the word NO and thinks my carpet is a giant pee pad! I finally convinced  to do puppy classes and now it’s closed with the lockdown. I swear he agreed only cause he knew they’d close lol
Tier 5 lockdown has always been the plan until you get vaccinated. The government just don't have the cojones to be honest with the public. They lie and lie knowing we will forget next time we have to vote. I won't
Mates run a pub..turned it round into a nice little business over the last 5 years. Then Covid. They need a min of 6k to keep afloat per month..barely making 3k after end of first lockdown. They have a lot of local support but I feel for them...it is so so sad
Complete #Lockdown3 NOW  and this time, when the numbers fall (like they did in August) DON'T open up. Keep it in LOCKDOWN until it's squashed. A vaccine doesn't stop the virus transmitting.. Only people can do that by not transmitting it!
This is the defiant statement of a child to a parent; "this isn't fair, why do I have to lockdown, show me the proof that I have to lock down too, this isn't fair!!!" 
REPEAT   Lockdown a bit;   Covid down a bit;   Unlock;   Covid back stronger;   People die;   Economy crashes; UNTIL People = Economy = 0
It could have been avoided had better measures been put in schools and stronger preventative measure applied two months ago. With the extremely high cases of Covid-19 in the past two weeks, this lockdown is two weeks too late. Better late than never I guess.
this morning was so fun it made me so happy seeing everyone so excited :(
My local DPD delivery driver's wife undergoes chemo every week and has severe vulnerability  to infection. The earlier lockdown was much easier to collect and deliver freight - now it's way busier and he is encountering 100s more close contacts every week.
Love #StarTrek? Please check out my online gallery. So proud of these three pieces, created during lockdown to help me explore the themes of isolation and of course, pay the bills too.   🖖  
Correct. Now ask the following questions: A) are all cancer checks being dropped because of lockdown? No B) what would have been the impact on other healthcare (like cancer checks) from uncontrolled virus spread? It’s not zero   numbers are lies. They usually are
I've had phone consuls too. But I've also seen doctors. My consultation was scheduled months in advance and it went ahead when my county was in lockdown. Btw, I'm living in reality.
Its beyond me how we are lumped in the 28 day lockdown instead of the 14 day one.
Kenney announces lockdown-style COVID-19 restrictions for Alberta - Calgary Herald 
Hey look another depressing list the state sucks at! No surprise. Thanks for the reporting  way to bring up the Christmas spirit during this ridiculous lockdown.
So it is back to meeting people in #penneys oe #dunnesstores in a huddle for as long as ya like cos #Lockdown3 is coming and that's allowed!! 😂😂  #lockdown #coronavirus
Absolutely horrendous that he would implement something that isn’t even a lockdown and wait for days to implement this mockdown. The hypocrisy of calling frontline providers / nurses heroes and then not even implementing a lock down immediately
Most restaurants exceed that and most have air handling capacity left over from the pre smoking ban days.   What will happen now is the people who ignored the rules last lockdown will do so again, even more and infect far more people in unmonitored environments.
This is why so many people are against lockdown. It causes local businesses to go bust and creates job losses. This is the future our generation faces.   Bad things happen when we have mass unemployment. 
Chinese takeaway here - the thing most talked about during lockdown 🤣#
No more lockdown No more government overreach No more fascist police Disturbing our peace  "No More Lockdown" by Van Morrison  
Impact of the COVID-19 lockdown on hangings attended by emergency medical services  #covid19ase
Monday, 22 December, 2020  -----  I think I’ve changed. Despite work, the lockdown allowed me to look back at myself. I’m watching more and more serious videos about psychology. And I’ve actually been both extroverted and introverted.
I know how it spreads which makes your claims with regards to Lockdown incorrect.
For Australia it really depends what part you were in. If Victoria, some people are still struggling to recover from that Draconian lockdown. Maybe they are unfortunate collateral damage of the right course of action but boy was a tough one.
Went into lockdown on 3/13. By 3/14 I knew we were in for a shit show of unprecedented proportions.
I am.  All good.  Thanks.  Enjoy your lockdown
My mother’s birthday was in the middle of the lockdown and how I couldn’t get out to buy her something I made macaroni jewelry and gave it to her as her birthday present heshsgshhshshs
It's far better to live in a rich neighborhood prolly stay with a friend or something than to own a house in the slum...   Lockdown 2.0  #StreamABT
How long have people been on lockdown with no money? Looks like the UK has done faaaar better than the US in this regard. Thought they were a first world country?
Why would you support a bill that sends more money overseas verses the very people who have to pay back this debt? We didn't ask for our leaders to be cowards & allow this type of debt or lockdown which has ruined thousands of businesses. Do your job and vote NO!!
Anyone else feel like this lockdown has just made you more obsessed with your phone? Literally spend my entire life on it so tonight I’ve taken the first step and deactivated Instagram 🥳
Surely has to be something else we can do rather then putting us in and out of  lockdown every few weeks
We need a lockdown I don’t rly understand what you mean?
My dogs “guilty” face is so damn cute it’s really hard to be actually mad at him 🥺
Thank you Mayor Burton for showing independent thought. I don't know what the right answer is but if the spring lockdown didn't work and Toronto's lockdown isn't showing results what will more lockdowns accomplish?
Well I’m not sure if I can deal with being in lockdown any longer, but I’m hoping and praying that it’ll change by Christmas Eve 🤞
20 days after a 6 week lockdown the cycle continues 
I don’t understand how a lockdown on the 26th does anything. Am I missing something? The message is: “Get your shopping done and visit your families. Then stay home for a few weeks.” What is the purpose of this? 
Praying this lockdown is successful and I’ll be able to celebrate my 24th in a way that isn’t 🚙HoNk iTs mY BIrThdaY🚗 this upcoming year.
If the first lockdown worked why do we need a second one.   Just shut down all international airports and leave the people alone
reports yet another total lockdown..but no help for PWD who MUST go to several stores to get deals & no ppe!! Nice.
The report in AARP's magazine (which, yes, we get) is horrifying. The abuses that happened in our nursing homes during lockdown was entirely expected and completely preventable.  As a society we are guilty of the murder, torture and torment of our elders.
I've spent lockdown listening to fantastic podcasts on  The Intrigue series, Flight of the Concords, the Penny Dreadfuls, The Reunion and In Our Time, the moving AIDS documentary 'A Big Disease With A Little Name', as well as  daily.   #DefundTheBBC My arse!
Heading for lockdown 3.0 and we all can see it miles before our PM does. What is this clown doing? Because it’s not leading.
You’re not in the club, you’re on lockdown take your vaccine and let people be. Thanks. Their choice are not your choices to make 👌
My response was clearly aimed at the perspective that hospital “overload” could only be thwarted by more lockdown. #GreatBarringtonDeclaration offers valid alternatives to the current lockdown strategy, alternatives that benefit youth AND society as a whole.
What I don’t understand with the lockdown sceptics is, why? Why would this government (and pretty much every other government in the world) decide to shut down if the threat of COVID wasn’t real? For what benefit?
Humans are meant to be creative, productive, and adventurous. We’re not meant to be kept in lockdown.
Not surprised we dont have a proactive govt, now de will start bringing several lockdown measures, 500billion naira will be released for their chilling, then finally they will lie the final lie of sharing 100million in 5days....so we are not surprised.
Thats my exact question. I think it’ll be years before we get it under control. The new strain is mutated and they dont even know if the vaccine is effective against it. This is why total lockdown’s were necessary from JUMP.
What if the lockdown come dey in full effect before these dates.. you go refund?
I’d call the cops because we’re basically on lockdown and have a curfew...
wattpad pls introduce an audio book feature i cant read to save my life
Yes ma'am. My wife took a pic of me like 2 weeks into the beginning of lockdown and I realized then I needed to drop some. 209 to 161
When robust contact tracing is done, the need for citywide lockdown is negated
"Urgent" action... five days from now.  Our government has weighed the costs of delaying lockdown measures and evidently considered them acceptable.  Over the next several weeks this delayed action will lead to:  *TENS OF THOUSANDS* of additional cases.   
I can feel another lockdown coming ... and I will NOT be doing it. Just saying.
I'm curious, of all the countries that went under lockdown, why you chose to reference China in your response.
I know, when this lockdown started in Croatia our health minister asked for people to call the police on their neighbours if they have more guests then they prescribed by measures... Stay safe an Merry Christmas
I got like this a few times over lockdown and in the summer. A social media break for a few weeks did me the world of good!
At the height of a pandemic + looming lockdown, how is it okay to send these poor sales agents door to door right now peddling Cable TV and Internet?  Asking for a friend?  #fibe #bellfibe #bellcanada #idiocy #shameful #COVID19 #ontariolockdown #FordfailedOntario 
*if we did nothing. We instead had a lockdown which suppressed. The 440,000 deaths was also based on a time period of 2 yrs. But you knew that, because you read the IC paper at the time.
Here’s an idea... National Lockdown til summer with 100% of wages for workers. We will be healthy and financially stable.
The simple answer is......there are no simple answers. Sweden’s ‘no lockdown’ is not going well. Lockdowns are partially effective at best, & quite unsustainable. I’d love to hear of an alternative. 
Victorian would dream about such "lockdown" as northern beaches have right now.
What better way to spend COVID lockdown than with glitchy cyberpunk 2077? I'm still having fun 😋 
Strange, you’re very concerned about people, sorry, your relatives now, but not when you broke lockdown rules? #selfentitled
I'm telling myself it's normal to have 3 dinners between 6pm and midnight... If you think any differently your opinion of the world is wrong. Get your act together
People saying lockdowns don’t work, clearly don’t understand what a lockdown is supposed to do. It is a plaster to stop the bleeding, not the cure, otherwise we would have bled out by now...
The second face of Lockdown.. it's not the pandemic that will kill people. It is hunger... that will
The Revenant is on TV. Might learn some new survival tips for lockdown 3.0 / Tier 5 in the new year.
Right before a 28 day lockdown announced today as well.....  Not a bad lot to be locked down in tbh, but my golly that interior is a gutjob
December should know be considered as Wedember. It’s either you are a groom,grooms family, bride, brides family or a victim of latecomer or cousin. In anyway you are a part of the wedding.YES NOW 😂 Here comes Lockdown 2.0
NOT ONE PENNY SHOULD BE ABLE TO LEAVE THE STATES UNDER A PANDEMIC & LOCKDOWN STATUS.  YOU AMERICA COME LAST TO THESE PEOPLE.
So when does the cure become deadlier than the virus? Most would've thought it was during the first lockdown of businesses.
My superpowers are coming into effect tomorrow when I get my hair done. Lockdown Christmas with some ombré faux lox - yes 👍🏾 
I said just after the last lockdown in March that  was leaning completely to the left and here we are. Congratulations talkRadio you are about to screw it up and lose listeners, I for one stopped
Just leaving this here ... "Impose National lockdown  or risk human disaster" #TimeIsRunningOut 
Ouchie indeed. And having to hustle to replace it during lockdown is no easy task either! So stressful.
January & February lockdown in the U.K. is going to be fucking brutal. 😩
Besides the 7.30 report, the ABC reporting of COVID, lockdown was a shambles. Reporters would report petty breaches of COVID as “people still not doing the right thing”. They would praise lockdown. Now you may agree w that statement, but that is not unbiased reporting
Imagine running to Lagos or Abuja because person is planing detty December only to now be in a lockdown 
How many more tweets of people showcasing how ridiculous the lockdown measures are until they realize it doesn’t even matter whether the measures look plausible and necessary, the good slave folk will obey anyway?
Pres. Trump, for McConnel $ 600 for the American people is a lot after 10 months of forced lockdown, we send money around the world to people who hate us, we have eviction, I had my electricity cut last week. Money around the World is ok.  
We're going back into lockdown on boxing day. I have no idea if it includes me, I'm getting mixed messages everywhere *flips table*.
Also broke lockdown rules to cheat on his wife  Which no one remembers
I’ve stockpiled enough wine till Christmas Eve I’ll be ringing you if supply runs low in the shops! 😂😂 I don’t want to go anywhere now until new year and then only to a cottage in the lakes.  If he moves us to lockdown or another tier it’s another break gone 😞
It's a case of "Who knows what's gonna happen??" #Lockdown2 #lockdown #CHEWHU 
These role players getting crazy ass contracts in the NBA. I’m down to get paid the veteran minimum if you need a lockdown defender 
He also mentions the devastating effects of lockdown, and that trying to stop the spread on the whole population was the WRONG MOVE. Instead, more resources and attention should have been on preventing covid spread in the VULNERABLE population.
If we are in complete chaos it is purely because ,as we have all been shown ,lives and controlling this coronavirus is all about money !! Otherwise the whole of the UK and Europe would have all lockdown to eradicate!!
The legendary Macca just put out another new record at 78 years old. The album was performed and written all by him in lockdown this year. The man has still got it! #PaulMcCartney 
The “new normal” was being talked about from day one. You can see the phrase started trending in the week starting March 15th, before there was any lockdown 
you mean BLM barricading people inside a building they are lighting on fire is much different from that?  got it 
I really hope you went with The Crowd. I've rediscovered so many classics in lockdown and they are sheer joy.
as a native Eastern Ontarian, I get unreasonably mad when Eastern Ontario is lumped together with Southern Ontario  (not talking about the lockdown in particular, just the general concept)
This is depressing. Moved to England in July. Haven’t seen any of my family and now I’ll be stuck here with no friends or family because I couldn’t make any with lockdown. 😞
Neither. That cop is at a BLM March. He’s talking about BLM protesters. They almost always put the kid gloves on when it comes to these stupid as fuck “anti lockdown” protests.
Cases go up, people are misbehaving, we need more lockdown, cases go down, lockdown is working, we need more lockdown
I make more than this in a month and I'm in Brazil lmao, this ain't gonna help no-one under lockdown
And the thousands of lives you’re risking by postponing the lockdown by two days?? The economy is already suffering, two less days of shopping isn’t going to hurt. You are reckless.
If there's another UK lockdown and I can stay with my favourite girl pray for her because I'm annoying
“We need a lockdown to prevent the spread of the pandemic but, first, let’s have a massive superspreader event to make that lockdown REALLY worthwhile”. #Covid19 
I’m in England so it’s been different but I went into selfridges on Saturday and it was exactly the same as pre lockdown. Only retail shop I’ve been in in months. Pubs are shut but they’d been following loads of rules!!
I actually call it the English Exceptionalist Strain. Created by people who believe they are above Coronavirus guidelines and lockdown rules.
Well actually Johnson lied through his teeth for over a week before doing the lockdown measures, which in turn caused a huge spike in cases up and down the UK, and due to the fact he did that at the last minute Christmas is pretty fucked for millions stuck at home.
first lockdown: SCARY SCARY second lockdown: meh oh well  third lockdown: SCARY SCARY SCARY SCARY
I agree and I think we need to continue doing our part so numbers will support a shorter lockdown... if cases start surging, they won’t consider the 14 day one
As Northern Ireland moves into a 6 week lockdown from Dec 26,   What does that mean for QUB Students who are due to return to student accommodation  mid-January from all over NI and abroad?    
I feel the same about San Francisco right now. I’ve lived here for 10.5 years and it’s a depressing ghost town after nearly 10 months of lockdown. It feels like there’s no end it sight, but our cities will make it through!
it’s too late to fix it, and a lockdown without any economic relief for small to medium businesses is a death sentence
I’m incredibly disappointed. I only started watching F1 during lockdown and I’ve been LOVING it. But this has made me not want to be a part of this sport :( at least Mick should wipe the floor with him next year #WeSayNoToMazepin
Mehhh where I stay is going into lockdown too
HOW TO STEAL AN ELECTION   #Psyops101  "Start w/a virus, talk about it non-stop, call some governors, put patients in nursing homes, kill thousands, blame the President, lockdown small biz, push mail-in voting...act like it all never happened."   
You just contradicted yourself in that statement, Mr. Brian Lilley. What baffles many of us is the stupidity behind the "lockdown"! 
The holidays are going to look very different this year, but just because there are extended lockdown measures during the second wave of COVID-19, it doesn’t mean celebrations with family and friends have to be any less special. #holidaysessions  
Judging from social media everyone is ignoring the stick lockdown rules and partying with pals. You can’t really blame folk at this stage everyone is at their wits end.
Every time I think maybe  is going to finally do something right he lets us all down again. Lockdown after the holidays? Schools closed for two weeks, weddings still allowed? Time to make actual hard decisions and close it all down immediately.
we! got engaged! got engaged on our anniversary, found our rings shortly after, and started planning deco, who to invite, wanted to rent a small space at the zoo, etc. and literally less than two weeks later we went into lockdown. 
But. But. But. That's not what the media says. Lockdown Doug Ford, John Tory and the whole lot of them. Let them go without a paycheque and watch how fast this farce evaporates. 
Keep writing sarcastic comments about having an emergency lockdown, but not for a week, and not till after the busiest shopping day of the year, but I keep deleting them because its too stupid and I can’t think of anything funny to say. We’re hooped #onpoli
Couldn't have pulled through the lockdown without #Malayalam films and #koreandrama. Life saviours, both.
The UK has not had a proper lockdown and we still don't have an effective test and trace system.
This is BS. Locking down areas with little to no cases cause those in lockdown wouldn’t stay in their own regions! Get your act together Ford! Close all hyways leading in & out of toronto peel York the original lockdown areas. Leave those w/little to no cases alone! 
The neighbor who had various parties throughout lockdown has "fled the country" without paying rent for a few months. I'm jealous.
Shooting videos while in lockdown has been rough for everybody I'm sure she wanted bigger videos for Smile but the circumstances didn't help
Where does one get a bell in fucking lockdown??!! 🔔 
im knitting the harry styles cardigan over this lockdown and i MEAN IT this time
This pending lockdown should have happened sooner!
He can live in a permanent state of heightened Covid lockdown, hiding behind his sofa if he wants, but let the rest of us who are willing to get back to our lives!!
This. And they probably still don't go far enough, but that's mainly because there is an unwillingness to enforce public health rules to the extent required. #onpoli #lockdown #COVID19 
Aye, my former home is in lockdown and there's been a few cases nearby to where I live now so we'll be in lockdown after Christmas day 😑
wow it's mad that john knox had this to say about covid-19 lockdown in 1547 ... 
any word as to whether ABA centres should be closed with this lockdown?
What's hilarious about your ignorance is that one of the driving factors in Japan's resurgence is misinformation and specially #QANON & anti-lockdown conspiracies leading to people rebelling against the recommendations.  
Appreciate it been tough especially through lockdown but being able to be part of the gdl has changed my life for the better. Didn’t know I needed it at the time but it has been a blessing
I haven't been out myself last 9 months being a Carrer but things have changed Father past away 97+half last month & new Car coming tomorrow just waiting for end of Lockdown
The report was always coming out in Dec. Yeah we planned the NSW lockdown to happen at the same time jyst so the media could focus on the report  🙄🥴
An orgy that was next door to the largest police station in Brussels, during lockdown. With ecstasy on his person. With only his socks on. Orbans right hand man and formerly the most powerful right wing nut in Europe. 🤷‍♂️
I thought everyone was under lockdown. The Kennedy Center doesn't need any money for shows no one will be attending. Crooked and scam! 
Why did they make this seem such a big thing? It is pretty much the same thing lockdown that we just had, but just an extension... taking advantage of school break but letting little kids come to childcare .. smh
They’ve pushed us into lockdown, doled our breadcrumbs to the masses, stifled our Free Speech.  Why not come after guns?  They’ve succeeded in handcuffing our country!
hunchback of notre dame easily cause victor hugo was racist and a freak 
the timing is certainly suspect....a new strain, a new lockdown?
To get R _really_ low you need centralized quarantine. In Wuhan this reduced R from 1.3 (in lockdown!) to 0.3.
I gave my son money because he was talking about buying a few more musical instruments. He ended up spending it on expensive good food supplies for lockdown #1. It made me laugh, but he wouldn't have spent his own cash on that, and it was his money so why not?
I'm going to start using "mockdown"  in lieu of lockdown on account of I can't remember the colours and apparently they are meaningless? 
Last lockdown some nurseries were relieved to come out the other end, some didn't make it. The nurseries that did almost certainly had to use much if not all their reserves, second time around there may be even more casualties.  hits the nail on the head here. 
Time for more mask and lockdown regulations. They work. 
“The disruptions stoked fears of panic buying in British supermarkets, as Britons, already rattled by a surge in infections and a hastily imposed lockdown in much of England, worried about running out of fresh food in the days before Christmas.” 😩😢🧐
The WHO reports asymptomatic do not transmit the virus, only symptomatic. Lockdown/masking is a psychological control by really well meaning but indoctrinated idiots. Marx called them "Useful Idiots" And Samuel Bronfman concurs. 
My heart bleeds for you  ..2021 will be great? How exactly? Will you and the rest of your mafia stop your draconian crap? 6 weeks lockdown and you can have Xmas.. And then you lie again
According to our survey 78% of respondents reported being concerned about contracting COVID. Among those very concerned 49 % reported increased anxiety, 50% reported more stress and 28% reported increases in despair. #COVID19 #HolidaySeason #mentalhealth #lockdown 
are you happy yet? Are you willing to take a pay cut like the rest of us? When will you learn that these lockdowns aren’t working! If masks work then why when it became mandatory cases spiked? It’s because now you don’t know what to do. All you know is lockdown! 🤬🤬
I was so upset about working on Boxing Day cause I wanted to go shopping and then I was like wait lockdown so no work but then I realised all the stores will be closed too </3 
Congratulations to the United States for getting a one time check for the amount that Canadians repeatedly got for months during lockdown.
Coworker got mad at me. Welp. I apologized and acknowledged what I can do better in the future. Honestly I think it was just a much of miscommunications. Like I don’t think she actually read my emails sometimes 🥴 but I know I can improve so I’ll go with that for today
Also, tell me why NI locked down.  I looked at the stats.  Why did the stupid eejits think a lockdown was called for? 
Why does that poster say December 16th? It comes out on Christmas. And what theaters are open during this 2nd lockdown? None of my movie theaters ever reopened.
Went to my mums house for the first time since the day before lockdown 1 today and now I’m covered in a rash. Like I ain’t even surprised anymore 🤦🏻‍♀️
#TrudeauTreason #EndLockdownsNow  #EndGovernmentOverreach Lockdowns do nothing but decimate middle income families. When does construction begin on new hospitals across the country?  Inadequate healthcare is the reason for lockdown. 
yup  if the NHS hadn’t been defunded to within an inch of its life they would have been able to manage a greater capacity and requirement increase which would have resulted in a shorter lockdown and the reduction of all those statistics
#UpstartCrow "Lockdown 1603" might need the best piece of TV I have ever seen!   and  delivered an absolute masterpiece written by the genius that is Ben Elton. Loved every minute of it!! 
I'm so glad I'm an introvert during the lockdown and tier 3 restrictions. 😃  But listen, you extrovert friends out there who are climbing the walls... if you need a chat, let me know. I'll listen.   #CovidChristmas
The original lockdown that lasted until the summer smh ....the first lockdown , that worked so well that we had to start shutting down less then two months later
Really doing a lockdown after Christmas 🤣🤣what’s the point of that Just gona see an increase in cases
~11,000 Ontarians catch Covid-19 every 5 days and ~150 die  That’s what the 5-day delay will cost  I wish this government would reconsider, start the lockdown today and save lives
After his "anti lockdown" song, you may be on more even footing than you think.
Impose tier 4 across the country. Close all airports. Why are we waiting for more people to die? Ten day Christmas lockdown which if necessary extends beyond end of January.  #covid19 #coronavirus #Christmas
Locked down inside work 😭😭😭 Lockdown 2.0   Forget the smile, i am weak and tired but work must be done. 
Dem dn tok 2nd wave, Nigeria dn Kari am 4 head.  is already doing well in their manufacturing business, Imo state Governor  no dey waste tym to carry first in announcing lockdown even tho say d state no folo 4 promo #COVID19Nigeria
just wanna show how the filming flat looked like when they were just moving in vs. when they're (supposedly) about to move out 
As it is al virtual and there is no Xmas this year, Parliament can run throughout this lockdown. They need to deal with the crisis at the port before the goods-delay effects are felt across supermarkets.
Federal Government will not ban international flights now o.  Na quilox concern dem.🙄.  Lockdown 2.0
you know things are going well when one of the doctors you trot out to support your Dec. 26 #OntarioLockdown says Ontarians should act as if the lockdown starts today to help tamp down rapidly increasing transmission, right   #onpoli #covid19ON #covid19Ontario 
Sell nuts and bolts, welding wire, power tools etc. Moved into PPE when first lockdown hit which kept us afloat (manufacturing customers all closed). Core business now back up and running and we’re smashing it. Very grateful!
Lockdown 🤝 making you feel like your life is passing by with the breeze. I seek refuge in Allah from the misery, sadness, grief and anxiety. May He help us bear it all with beautiful patience.
I expect by this time next year we'll be on Lockdown 29!!
2. One lockdown now and then normality -- "aggressive suppression/elimination"   For how long ?   Whats the exit strategy     is there one ?
This is how you run a state during a worldwide pandemic, not imprisoning constituents to masks, home lockdown and taking away freedoms.  Your mate Dan can learn a thing or 2 
can I ask what your advice on bulk buying as I saw  in your swansea store buying 27 rolls of foil, 10 x swedes, 12 packs of toiletroll & enough port to sink a 18th century Lord? He resold masks for £28 for 500ml in lockdown so god knows what hes doing with these
Lil baby cheated three times this year. Future on his fifth girlfriend. Some of y’all been sleeping on the couch since the first lockdown. Miss me with this.
Well wasn’t that just great tv before the big #lockdown #cblive
Yeah, that too. We're going thru yet another hard lockdown. But at least the govts. here are willing to lend support without a last minute nail-biting passing of bills.
Yes 800$ is fair as long as us Canadians get 2000 again when we go back on lockdown
This has been an amazing, free (!) project that has kept me going through lockdown. I've learned so much and been creatively inspired time and time again. Please check it out if you can 💜 
We'll find out tomorrow. The lockdown was suppose to save Christmas but that didn't happen. Grafton street was packed - so much so I had to bail because of my new found fear of people.   I'm all for a far stricter lockdown - Level 6. Close all but essential and online
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MING <333 i hope you're having a good day today!!
I'll buy your anti lockdown album if you post a video of yourself licking the floor of a tesco to prove that Covid19 isn't as deadly as we all know it is aye?
We just had an opening for our 2008 group tomorrow. Please email Tyler at tyler if you would like it. Last time to get a quality skate in before the lockdown! 
To be perfectly honest with you, I thought for sure he'd choose Dec 27 as the first day. You know, because of Boxing Day and all.  Still, we need lockdown ASAP not 5 days later.
I'm expected to make a recovery as long as I maintain a regimen of antibiotics, fluids, and rest. I've been keeping distant already, but this is now an absolute lockdown, and will continue to be until at least mid-January. /10
my province is going going into provincial wide lockdown the day after Christmas for about a month. How’s yours?
That would probably be more rational but I dont think thats her strogest trait unfortunately 🤧
Cut out the bullshit and give us this each month for 6 months. Now that might help a little. Christ this lockdown has cost most everyone their livelihoods, self respect, dignity and patience. 1800 have 9 plus months is a slap to say the least. 
The fact that almost all of the comments focus on the language and none on lockdown is quite telling. Stay safe, America!
It didn’t go far enough. The big box stores needed to be shut down. The traffic in Toronto has not been reduced. Where is everyone going if we have been in grey-lockdown for the past couple of weeks? To the big box stores! 😳
Yes - but NOW not in the future. Complete lockdown and massive vaccination effort. You’re close to the PM. Make him ACT and not dither.
All the hoopla about “COVID Mutations” is just another ass blast to keep the lockdown and austerity train rolling.
Take us off of lockdown Chinese wants to ruin our economy politicians are too dumb too stupid are in the back pockets of the Chinese
this is the first time im going shopping at the mall without any friends or siblings or people with me im going by myself and im scared 🙌🙌
He's mental 9 months into the pandemic and all he can think of is Lockdown after Lockdown after Lockdown their has to be another plan to help the elderly and vulnerable in Ireland this is bull💩 should of locked down everything at the start to get to zero Covid
Lonely or exasperated at Christmas? All of this lockdown shite is really hard for some people. Don't be too proud to call the Samaritans if that's you. It might help.
With the fear of lockdown part 3 looming I just wanna recommend this new show on netflix, it's called tiger king and it's so interesting everyone needs to watch it !!
"Spare a thought for residents of the UK which have again been thrown into hard lockdown and face a miserable Christmas."  
Same selfish pricks that have got cupboards full of bog roll and tinned beans from the first lockdown.
He hasn't a clue Karen. He's going to start remote learning the week the Executive are going to review the upcoming lockdown. Makes as much sense as a chocolate tea pot
The rest of the country will be like Kent within a few weeks so I don't see the point. I'd rather we did a proper lockdown than these go to B&Q, go to school faux-lockdowns which keep the vulnerable indoors indefinitely.
i live in the middle of no where in ky so it’s redneck country unfortunately lmao but this guy put a LIVE CHICKEN in another kids locker & we had to go on lockdown ????? LMFAO
One Man Enjoyment is another Man Suffering.. another Man Suffering is another Man Enjoyment 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ Lockdown 2.0 #lockdown #EndSarsNow #FederalGovernment
Weird cunt. What does lockdown scepticism have to do with Putin and evilness?  
So your rabid anti lockdown base doesn't completely crucify you? They will anyway.
I am an email away from contacting the press I have had no access since Friday to my fans account or my funds because someone hacked me how is this FAIR 😭
Boxing Day gives an excuse for those who insist on spending Christmas with family or friends time to return home and pretend to play by lockdown rules. AKA Doug needs time to get back from the cottage.
The Spanish lockdown was particularly strict. In Spain masks must be worn inside and outdoors. Despite this cases in Spain rose sharply throughout October. Mandatory distancing/mask wearing does not work. Boris's arbitrary coronavirus restrictions will achieve nothing.
🤡this should have been done since we lockdown in March🤡 good job guys.. y'all still get paid while you are us to shutdown..
You know very well that this is a lie. Recession started a year before Reagan. Blaming Trump for current world-wide lockdown induces recession is idiotic, and you know that.
"Oh you thought we said save? Ahahahaa...dear me no. There's been a misunderstanding. We said wreck. It's what we do. Tell spineless politicians to lockdown, with no repercussions for us. And when it doesn't work, we blame Paddy for having a few cans"  #cblive 
Together for 24 years, married for 14.  Happy Anniversary to my forever lockdown partner. ❤️ 
There's no point in level 5 or level 3 for that matter. Unless we have a lockdown like we did in March there's no fucking point. #COVID19ireland #level5 #lockdownchristmas
them. But every person they infect ends up bumping up the numbers, prolonging this shit. Can't we just forget lockdown and que sera sera, who ever will die will die?
Another piece of logic I can’t comprehend... closing a drive through activity as part of the pending lockdown. This doesn’t even make sense  
This third lockdown will only work if there is a legitimate travel ban and a closing or strict limitation to face to face schooling.  Ignoring these will only lead to an inevitable fourth lockdown.
How do you know that "pro-extreme lockdown brigade are generally those who are utterly unaffected by it personally"?
All this lockdown malaky is depressing man 🥲 I’ve had enough now honestly
You are spot on with the PCR test Rich. This will become the biggest lawsuit against the govt in UK history. Worth keeping an eye on.    
I was surprised that the journos fell for the "it's not our judgement to make" deflection by Vallance when asked if everyone should be in tier 4.  They should instead have asked the more precise "did you advise the PM to go for nationwide lockdown?"
He didn’t end the first lockdown too earlier. We had one of the slowest re opening plans in europe and enjoyed 3 months of relative freeness from Covid once we came out from it.  It was always going to come back eventually.
Na the Koko. B4 lockdown go reach 6months bae will be almost due for delivery.😏😁😎
LOL! Where are you? Our snow hasn't come yet. Don't want it. Us Ontarians know it's coming that's why so many have been completely ignoring lockdown orders. ...well just a little extra shopping, nothing more😬
Did I cry tonight because were possibly going into another lockdown before the 6th? Yes, yes I did. Why might you ask? Because I have seen my bf in months and he was supposed to be coming down. 🥺😭 I miss my boyfriend/best friend 💔
Facts but we should’ve done a full martial law lockdown like literally the entire rest of the world did and why they have control of it
Not just 6 weeks though,  it will be Paddy's weekend again for another lockdown.  We're looking at months ahead of lockdown and reopening. Not good for people's wellbeing.
Yep....now there’s more strains of the COVID-19....more propaganda to keep the sheep in lockdown.
i am ALSO very excited during Ye Olde Lockdown for the arrival of  which is like a present sent from above for all of us just trying to make it through this Christmas 
Getting flashbacks to my last liquor lockdown run back in spring
Unicef warns lockdown could kill more than Covid-19 as model predicts 1.2 million child deaths 
Now would be a good time for the government to give us that bank holiday they promised #lockdown
You’re all over the place.   You’re vehemently anti-lockdown, apart from Republican funerals of course. Make your mind up.
Society needs to open. Business needs to make money to be in business at all. A Covid vaccine is our way out of a cycle of lockdown and of more preventable deaths. I advocate taking the vaccine.
Just thinking about how I almost saw david liebe hart live this year but the original lockdown happened literally the week I was going to go
Even as  have made improvements, including recently launching universal testing so that everyone who comes to the ER is tested for COVID-19, the lockdown and burnout are wearing on Dr. Jeanne Noble and her colleagues.   📝:  
Vote no because government redistribution of wealth doesn't solve the lockdown problem, it just dictates who ends up suffering more.
not even sure i'm coming to ghana. transiting in the UK and i'm hearing a lockdown is imminent 😤😤
Spot on. Peru’s Lockdown was enforced by the military, so not even close to our half-arsed attempts.
i also want lockdown out of it after seeing  recent digibash of hotrod into lockdown
We aren’t. If we are in lockdown in Sydney and can’t get about there are places in the NT or QLD to come back to
Thank you so much! That's very kind of you. Let's wait until the lockdown is over.
I would assume the new buyer wouldn’t close before the lockdown so the seller can sit back, enjoy the view and count their money! 